Question : Zymurgy is a branch of chemistry concerning what process ? Answer : Brewing fermentation
Question : Zymase and Glucose combine to form what drug ? Answer : Alcohol
Question : Zubin Mehta conducted who in concert ? Answer : Three Tenors
Question : Zorro the heroes name means what in Spanish ? Answer : The Fox
Question : Zoisite is a semi precious stone - National stone which country ? Answer : Norway
Question : Zipporah was the wife of who in the Bible ? Answer : Moses
Question : Zimbabwe won its first ever Olympic gold in 1980 in what event ? Answer : Women's Hockey
Question : Zero on a roulette wheel is what colour ? Answer : Green
Question : Zerelda was the first name of what outlaws wife and mother ? Answer : Jesse James
Question : Zapateodo is a rhythmic device used in what music style ? Answer : Flamenco
Question : Zane Grey the western writer had what initial profession ? Answer : Dentist
Question : Zambia and Zimbabwe used to be called what ? Answer : Rhodesia
Question : Zaire diverted roads to avoid disturbing communities of what ? Answer : Elves
Question : Yvon Petra was the last man to do what at Wimbledon ? Answer : Wear flannels
Question : Yvon Petra 1946 was the last Wimbledon champion to do what ? Answer : Wear Trousers
Question : Your suffering from circadian dysrhythmia what have you got ? Answer : Jet Lag
Question : Your eyeballs are 3.5% what ? Answer : Salt
Question : You'll Never Walk Alone came from which 1945 musical show ? Answer : Carousel
Question : You ordered unagi in a Japanese restaurant what would you get ? Answer : Eel
Question : You ordered nem in Vietnamese restaurant what would you get ? Answer : Spring Roll
Question : You have head of ebay.com what's ebay translate to in Russian ? Answer : Fuck off - imperative
Question : You have a foursome and a shag what have you done ? Answer : Dance they are types
Question : You dot your i - what is the dot called ? Answer : Tittle
Question : You could be executed for drinking what in ancient Turkey ? Answer : Coffee
Question : You can ski on the piste but what other sport uses the term ? Answer : Fencing where the
Question : You can have a troop of actors and what group of animals ? Answer : Monkeys
Question : You can get 5 years in Kentucky for sending a friend what ? Answer : Bottle beer or booze
Question : You can do a degree in brewing at Heriot-Watt University where ? Answer : Edinburgh
Question : You are a saucy boy comes from what Shakespeare play ? Answer : Romeo and Juliet
Question : Yorick in Shakespeare's Hamlet had what job (when alive) ? Answer : Jester
Question : Yoon-Mi Kim Olympic gold aged 13 years 83 days what sport ? Answer : Short track
Question : Yoi, Yame, Seremade and Hantai terms in what sport ? Answer : Karate
Question : Yoga (the meditation) is a Sanskrit word meaning what ? Answer : Union
Question : YKK Yoshida Kogyo Kabushibibaisha worlds largest makers what ? Answer : Zips
Question : Yggdrasil is what in Norse mythology ? Answer : Tree
Question : Yet Another Hierarchical Officious Oracle better known as what ? Answer : YAHOO
Question : Yabusame is the Japanese version of what sport ? Answer : Archery
Question : Xmas UK children hang stockings what do Dutch children use ? Answer : Shoes
Question : Xavier Roberts was the original creator of which toy ? Answer : Cabbage Patch Dolls
Question : Xanthic, Fallow and Aureate shades of which colour ? Answer : Yellow
Question : X only letter in alphabet that there is no name for who using ? Answer : The Devil
Question : Wyatt Earp, Frank James, Abraham Lincoln what actor links ? Answer : Henry Fonda
Question : Writing with light is the literal meaning of what word from Greek ? Answer : Photography
Question : Writer who created Hannah Massay Maggie Rowan Tillie Trotter ? Answer : Catherine Cookson
Question : Worldwide most capitol cities begin with which letter ? Answer : B
Question : Worlds oldest existing treaty of 1373 between England and who ? Answer : Portugal
Question : Worlds first paperback book written in 1867 by Goethe what title ? Answer : Faust I
Question : Word for slight of hand comes from the French for nimble finger ? Answer : Prestidigitation
Question : Woolworth's - the 5 /10 cent store started in which us state 1979 ? Answer : pennsylvania
Question : Wool sorters disease is actually what ? Answer : Anthrax
Question : Woodwind Instrument size between Clarinet and Bassoon ? Answer : Cor-anglais
Question : Woodpusher, fish and patzer derogatory words for a bad what ? Answer : Chess player
Question : Woodpecker Scalps - Porpoise Teeth - Giraffe Tails what links ? Answer : All been used as
Question : Woodbury soap was the first to show what in its advertisements ? Answer : Full length nude
Question : Women's international gymnastics Beam Box Floor and what ? Answer : Asymmetric bars
Question : Women do it weekly to sleep better men every two weeks what ? Answer : Change sheets
Question : Women do it twice as often as men - what ? Answer : Blink
Question : Women do it 4 times to a mans once - what ? Answer : Shoplift
Question : Women do it 4 times more often than men - do what ? Answer : Shoplift
Question : Women compete between USA and UK in Wightman Cup - Sport ? Answer : Tennis
Question : Women 375 - 1 Men 1400 - 1 chance of doing what ? Answer : Living to 100
Question : Woman's are faster than men's, they usually have more - what ? Answer : Heartbeats
Question : Wolves, Curlews, Bulls and Ravens the first groups of what ? Answer : Boy Scouts
Question : Wo Fat was the enemy of which TV detective ? Answer : Steve MacGarett
Question : With whom is Ludwig Ritter Von Kochel best associated ? Answer : Mozart - catalogued K
Question : With which organ does a snake hear ? Answer : Tongue
Question : With what would you rock the baby or walk the dog ? Answer : A Yoyo
Question : With what song did Status Quo opened the Band Aid concert ? Answer : Rocking all over the
Question : With what is spangy played ? Answer : Marbles
Question : Wired Digital Incorporated created which search engine ? Answer : Hotbot
Question : Winston Churchill had a dog - what type ? Answer : Miniature Poodle
Question : Winnie the Pooh lived where ? Answer : Hundred Acre Wood
Question : Wings of Desire a foreign film remade as what with Nicolas Cage ? Answer : City of Angels
Question : Wine brandy sherry almonds raisins orange glogg what country ? Answer : Sweden a Christmas
Question : Wine barrels - There are 83 gallons in a what ? Answer : Puncheon
Question : Wimpy was the working title of what classic movie ? Answer : Psycho
Question : Wilma Rudolf first black US woman to win Olympic gold where ? Answer : Rome in 1960 (3)
Question : William the boys name means what ? Answer : Resolute Protector
Question : William Tell was the best crossbow archer and what else ? Answer : Boatman
Question : William Tayton was the first man to do what ? Answer : Appear on TV - at
Question : William Sydney Porter is better known as who (literature) ? Answer : O'Henry
Question : William Perks became more famous as who ? Answer : Bill Wyman
Question : William Moulton Marston Lie Detector and what comic character ? Answer : Wonderwoman
Question : William Le Baron Jenny is credited with inventing what in the US ? Answer : Skyscraper
Question : William Kemmlar in 1890 was the worlds first what ? Answer : Executed by electric
Question : William Joyce US born of Irish descent famous as who in WW2 ? Answer : Lord Haw-Haw -
Question : William Hurt won best actor Oscar for which 1985 film ? Answer : The Kiss of the
Question : William Herschel astronomer was a musician what instrument ? Answer : Organ
Question : William Hartnell was the first to play what TV character ? Answer : Dr Who
Question : William Buroughs coined what phrase used by Steppenwolf 1968 ? Answer : Heavy Metal - Born to
Question : William Blake Winston Churchill John Lennon what links ? Answer : Ordained Druids
Question : Wilhelm Steinitz was the world's first what in 1886 ? Answer : Chess Champion
Question : Wilhelm Beer and Johan von Madler first good map where 1830 ? Answer : The Moon
Question : Wiley E Coyote chases roadrunner what does the E stand for ? Answer : Ethelbert
Question : Wild marjoram is also known as what ? Answer : Oregano
Question : Wife Beware in 1933 was the first film shown where ? Answer : A Drive in theatre
Question : Why would women dislike using a West Indian Dildo ? Answer : Its a cactus
Question : Why would a train spotter want to see number 4468 ? Answer : The Mallard - record
Question : Why were women barred from original Olympic Games ? Answer : Male entries nude
Question : Why were Mothers called mama or mommy in many languages ? Answer : From mammary or tits
Question : Why was McDonalds fillet of fish invented ? Answer : Meatless Lent
Question : Why was Mary Mallen locked up from 1915 to 1938 ? Answer : Typhoid Mary
Question : Why was Fred Lorz disqualified 1904 Olympic marathon ? Answer : Hitched a lift passing
Question : Why was convict 2599 unusual in Pen State prison 1924 ? Answer : dog doing life for killing cat
Question : Why was Clark Kent rejected military service during WW2 ? Answer : Failed eye test
Question : Why two car thieves caught trying to sell stolen car in 1976 ? Answer : Tried to sell to owner
Question : Why is the city La Paz in Bolivia safe from fire ? Answer : To high - Not enough
Question : Why is rice grown in flooded paddy's ? Answer : Drown weeds
Question : Why is Louise Brown - born 1978 famous ? Answer : First test tube baby
Question : Why does a cynophobe fear ? Answer : Dogs
Question : Why do Tibetans grow long nails on little fingers ? Answer : To pick noses
Question : Why do lawyers traditionally wear black ? Answer : Mourning Queen
Question : Why did the USA govt open Lincolns coffin in 1887 and 1901 ? Answer : Check body still there
Question : Why did the state of Indiana ban Robin Hood in 1953 ? Answer : Communist - rob rich
Question : Why did sailors wear tattoos ? Answer : Prevent Catching Pox
Question : Why did Roselin Franklin (pre discovered dna helix) no Nobel ? Answer : She was dead
Question : Why did pirate wear earrings ? Answer : Improve their eyesight
Question : Why did Handel compose The Messiah ? Answer : For Cash
Question : Why did Ghengis Khans soldier ride female horses ? Answer : To drink their milk
Question : Why did Disney recall his first celluloid Donald Duck toys ? Answer : They exploded into
Question : Why did certain busses in Staffordshire refuse to pick up people ? Answer : Keeping to schedule
Question : Why did Ancient Egyptians shave their eyebrows ? Answer : Mourning death cat
Question : Why could you find a hoist and a fly ? Answer : On a flag
Question : Why could William Tell not have shot the apple with a crossbow ? Answer : Crossbow not known
Question : Why a camel haired brushes (made from squirrel) called camel ? Answer : Invented by Mr Camel
Question : Whose yacht was called Honey Fitz ? Answer : John Fitzgerald
Question : Whose version of A View to a Kill reached 1 in USA 2 in UK ? Answer : Duran Duran
Question : Whose symphony number seven is called the Leningrad ? Answer : Shostakovich
Question : Whose song did the Beatles sing on first TV appearance 1962 ? Answer : Roy Orbison Dream
Question : Whose slogan was plop plop fizz fizz ? Answer : Alka Seltzer
Question : Whose secretary was Loelia Ponsonby ? Answer : James Bond
Question : Whose original name was Jasper ? Answer : Tom - From Tom and
Question : Whose original back up group were The Blue Moon Boys ? Answer : Elvis Presley
Question : Whose only novel was The Cardinals Mistress ? Answer : Benito Mussolini
Question : Whose only line in his first play was Tennis Anyone ? Answer : Humphry Bogart
Question : Whose nose grew when he told a lie ? Answer : Pinocchio
Question : Whose normal heartbeat is 242 per minute ? Answer : Mr Spock in Star Trek
Question : Whose nicknames included " The Idol of the American Boy " ? Answer : Babe Ruth
Question : Whose nickname was slowhand (both names) ? Answer : Eric Clapton
Question : Whose name translates as Emperor of all ? Answer : Genghis Khan
Question : Whose music was on the soundtrack of When Harry met Sally ? Answer : Harry Connick Jr
Question : Whose music featured in The Clockwork Orange ? Answer : Beethoven
Question : Whose motto is " Nation shall speak peace unto Nation " ? Answer : BBC
Question : Whose memoirs were called There and back again ? Answer : Bilbo Baggins The
Question : Whose members get "Promoted to Glory" on their death ? Answer : Salvation Army
Question : Whose magazine is called The Watchtower ? Answer : Jehovah Witnesses
Question : Whose legs were banned from metro posters too distracting ? Answer : Marlene Dietrich
Question : Whose last words were "lets do it" ? Answer : Garry Gilmore
Question : Whose last words were "It's unbelievable" ? Answer : Mata Hari
Question : Whose last words were - "That was the best soda I ever tasted" ? Answer : Lou Costello
Question : Whose last words were - "Clito I owe a cock to Asclepius" ? Answer : Socrates
Question : Whose last word were "I have not told half of what I saw" ? Answer : Marco Polo
Question : Whose last unfinished novel was The Last Tycoon ? Answer : F Scott Fitzgerald
Question : Whose last published novel was Murder from the Past ? Answer : Agatha Christie
Question : Whose is supposed to have had sex with his nanny when aged 9 ? Answer : Lord Byron
Question : Whose horse was called Traveller ? Answer : Robert E Lee
Question : Whose horse was Black Nell ? Answer : Wild Bill Hickoks
Question : Whose girlfriend was Virginia Hill - he killed her B Hills 1947 ? Answer : Bugsy Siegel
Question : Whose girlfriend had a pet snake called Enid ? Answer : Adolf Hitler
Question : Whose ghost appears in Shakespeare's Julius Caesar ? Answer : Caesar's Ghost
Question : Whose first wife was actress Jayne Wyman ? Answer : Ronald Regan
Question : Whose first single released July 1961 was Buttered Popcorn ? Answer : The Supremes
Question : Whose first box office film was called Risky Business ? Answer : Tom Cruise
Question : Whose first book was called Child Whispers ? Answer : Enid Blyton
Question : Whose final words were "It hurts" ? Answer : Charles De Gaulle
Question : Whose final opera was called Death in Venice ? Answer : Benjamin Britain
Question : Whose film debut was Jennings in Revenge of the Creature 1955 ? Answer : Clint Eastwood
Question : Whose favourite poodle was called Rufus ? Answer : Winston Churchill
Question : Whose family name is Zimprsquzzntwlfb ? Answer : Mr Spock in Star Trek
Question : Whose epitaph says "If you seek his monument look around you" ? Answer : Sir Christopher Wren
Question : Whose epitaph reads Lived a philosopher died a Christian ? Answer : Casanova
Question : Whose designer leisure wear carry the symbol of a crocodile ? Answer : Rene Lacoste
Question : Whose debut album was Definitely Maybe ? Answer : Oasis
Question : Whose cusine would offer you Leberkas ? Answer : German it’s liver
Question : Whose catchphrase was "Stop messing About" ? Answer : Kenneth Williams
Question : Whose cat was sold for $153000 in an Arizona auction ? Answer : Adolf Hitler's
Question : Whose cases were Empty House Copper Beeches Black Peter ? Answer : Sherlock Holmes
Question : Whose business was ran from 2222 South Wabash ? Answer : Al Capone
Question : Whose boat Bluebird was recently raised from Coniston water ? Answer : Donald Campbell
Question : Whose biography is over 8.5 million words long ? Answer : Winston Churchill
Question : Whose backing group was The Coconuts ? Answer : King Creole
Question : Whose autobiography was The long walk to Freedom ? Answer : Nelson Mandela
Question : Whose autobiography was entitled The Sport of Queens ? Answer : Dick Francis
Question : Whose autobiography was entitled Past Imperfect ? Answer : Joan Collins
Question : Whose autobiography was called Tall Dark and Gruesome ? Answer : Christopher Lee
Question : Whose autobiography was "Can you tell what it is yet" ? Answer : Rolf Harris
Question : Whose autobiography is called "Take it like a Man" ? Answer : Boy George - or
Question : Whose attendance compulsory at priests banquets in Egypt ? Answer : Mummies - dead
Question : Whose alphabet was called the Futhark ? Answer : Vikings
Question : Whose advert slogan was You press the button we do the rest ? Answer : Kodak
Question : Who's only person have Dewey Decimal class named after him ? Answer : William Shakespeare
Question : Who's first play was The Room ? Answer : Harold Pinter
Question : Who's first person to win Wimbledon singles on a tie breaker ? Answer : Evonne Cawley
Question : Who's first film (THX1138) flopped in 1971 ? Answer : George Lucas
Question : Who's first book was Pebble in the Sky ? Answer : Isaac Asimov
Question : Who's first book was "Down and Out in Paris and London" ? Answer : George Orwell
Question : Who's directorial debut was with Reservoir Dogs ? Answer : Quentin Tarantino
Question : Who's Christian names inc Johannes Chrysostomus Theophilus ? Answer : Wolfgangus Mozart
Question : Who's band was The Quarrymen ? Answer : John Lenon
Question : Who's aliases John Willard Eric Gault George Ramom Sneyd ? Answer : James Earl Ray -
Question : Who, at USA customs declared, nothing but my genius ? Answer : Oscar Wilde
Question : Who wrote Whip Hand Proof and Flying Finish ? Answer : Dick Francis
Question : Who wrote Travels with a Donkey on his honeymoon ? Answer : Robert Louis
Question : Who wrote To Kill a Mockingbird ? Answer : Harper Lee
Question : Who wrote Three Men in a Boat ? Answer : Jerome K Jerome
Question : Who wrote The Young Persons Guide to the Orchestra ? Answer : Benjamin Britain
Question : Who wrote The Witches of Eastwick ? Answer : John Updike
Question : Who wrote the title song for Live and let Die ? Answer : Paul McCartney
Question : Who wrote the three act opera The Rakes Progress ? Answer : Igor Stravinsky
Question : Who wrote the Thin Man in 1934 (both names) ? Answer : Dashiell Hammett
Question : Who wrote The Symphony of a Thousand ? Answer : Mahler his eighth
Question : Who wrote the surreal novel Tarantula ? Answer : Bob Dylan
Question : Who wrote the Star Spangled Banner ? Answer : Francis Scott-key
Question : Who wrote the song Johnny be Good ? Answer : Chuck Berry
Question : Who wrote the series of Palisair novels ? Answer : Anthony Trollop
Question : Who wrote the series of novels with the hero Sharp ? Answer : Bernard Cornwell
Question : Who wrote the scripts for Hill street Blues ? Answer : Steven Bochco
Question : Who wrote The Screwtape Letters ? Answer : C S Lewis
Question : Who wrote the Science Fiction novel The Left Hand of Darkness ? Answer : Ursula LeGuin
Question : Who wrote the Science Fiction novel Slaughterhouse Five ? Answer : Kurt Vonnegut
Question : Who wrote the Savoy Operas ? Answer : Gilbert and Sullivan
Question : Who wrote the satire Candide published in 1759 ? Answer : Voltaire
Question : Who wrote the Royal Firework Music ? Answer : George Friedric
Question : Who wrote The Rights of Man - and The Age of Reason ? Answer : Thomas Paine
Question : Who wrote The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie ? Answer : Muriel Spark
Question : Who wrote the post nuclear war novel On the Beach ? Answer : Neville Schute
Question : Who wrote The Poseidon Adventure ? Answer : Paul Gallico
Question : Who wrote the poem Kubla Khan ? Answer : Samuel Taylor
Question : Who wrote the poem It was the night before Christmas ? Answer : Clement Moore
Question : Who wrote the poem "The Pied Piper of Hamlin" ? Answer : Robert Browning
Question : Who wrote the play Waiting for Godot in 1954 ? Answer : Samuel Beckett
Question : Who wrote the play Androcles and the Lion ? Answer : George Bernard Shaw
Question : Who wrote the play Amadeus ? Answer : Peter Shaffer
Question : Who wrote the play " What the Butler saw " ? Answer : Joe Orton
Question : Who wrote The Picture of Dorian Grey in 1891 ? Answer : Oscar Wilde
Question : Who wrote the Paris and Prague symphonies ? Answer : Mozart
Question : Who wrote the opera Zaide ? Answer : Mozart
Question : Who wrote the Opera Madam Butterfly ? Answer : Puccini
Question : Who wrote the opera Der Rosenkavalier ? Answer : Richard Strauss
Question : Who wrote the official biography of Lester Piggott ? Answer : Dick Francis
Question : Who wrote the novel Tom Jones in 1749 ? Answer : Henry Fielding
Question : Who wrote the novel The Seventh Scroll ? Answer : Wilber Smith
Question : Who wrote the novel The Piranhas ? Answer : Harold Robbins
Question : Who wrote the novel The Money Changers ? Answer : Arthur Hailey
Question : Who wrote the novel The French Lieutenants Woman ? Answer : John Fowles
Question : Who wrote the novel the Cyborg - Basis of the $6 million man ? Answer : Martin Caidin
Question : Who wrote the novel The Betsy ? Answer : Harold Robbins
Question : Who wrote the novel The African Queen ? Answer : C S Forester
Question : Who wrote the novel SHE (both names) ? Answer : Rider Haggard
Question : Who wrote the novel Love Story (Both Names) ? Answer : Erich Segal
Question : Who wrote the novel Invisible Man in 1952 ? Answer : Ralph Waldo Emerson
Question : Who wrote the novel Heidi ? Answer : Johannes Spyri
Question : Who wrote the novel Ben Hur ? Answer : Lew Wallace
Question : Who wrote the music to the film The Odessa File ? Answer : Andrew Lloyd
Question : Who wrote the music for the film ET (both names) ? Answer : John Denver
Question : Who wrote the music for the ballets Firebird and Rites of Spring ? Answer : Igor Stravinsky
Question : Who wrote the music for Showboat ? Answer : Jerome Kern
Question : Who wrote the Man in the Iron Mask ? Answer : Alexander Dumas
Question : Who wrote the lyrics for Oscar winning song Whole New World ? Answer : Tim Rice
Question : Who wrote the line East is East and West is West ? Answer : Rudyard Kipling
Question : Who wrote The Last Picture Show ? Answer : Larry McMurty
Question : Who wrote The Last Frontier first published in 1959 ? Answer : Alistair Maclean
Question : Who wrote The Joy of Sex ? Answer : Alex
Question : Who wrote the hymn Hear my Prayer ? Answer : Mendlesson
Question : Who wrote The Hunchback of Notre Dame ? Answer : Victor Hugo
Question : Who wrote the humorous books on One Upmanship ? Answer : Steven Potter
Question : Who wrote The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy ? Answer : Douglas Adams
Question : Who wrote The History of Mr Polly ? Answer : H G Wells
Question : Who wrote the first song "Come On" Rolling Stones recorded 63 ? Answer : Chuck Berry
Question : Who wrote The female of the species more deadly than the male ? Answer : Rudyard Kipling
Question : Who wrote the epic poem Samson Agonites ? Answer : John Milton
Question : Who wrote the Dune series of SF novels ? Answer : Frank Herbert
Question : Who wrote The Dong with the Luminous Nose and The Jumblies ? Answer : Edward Lear
Question : Who wrote The Deceiver 1991 and The Fist of God 1993 ? Answer : Frederick Forsyth
Question : Who wrote the comic opera Robinson Crusoe ? Answer : Offenbach
Question : Who wrote the children's story The Old man of Lochnagar ? Answer : Prince Charles
Question : Who wrote the children's novel Swallows and Amazons ? Answer : Arthur Ransom
Question : Who wrote the children's classic Ann of Green Gables ? Answer : L M Montgomery
Question : Who wrote the children's book Bedknobs and Broomsticks ? Answer : Mary Norton
Question : Who wrote The Caine Mutiny ? Answer : Herman Wouk
Question : Who wrote the book The Puppet Masters later a film ? Answer : Robert Heinlein
Question : Who wrote the book The Complete Angler in 1653 ? Answer : Isaac Walton
Question : Who wrote the book The Amazing Mr Ripley ? Answer : Patricia Highsmith
Question : Who wrote the book Interview with a Vampire ? Answer : Ann Rice
Question : Who wrote the book Gremlins in 1943 - later filmed ? Answer : Roald Dahl
Question : Who wrote the book Forest Gump ? Answer : Winston Groom
Question : Who wrote the book Coma ? Answer : Robin Cook
Question : Who wrote the book Billy Budd also Moby Dick ? Answer : Herman Melville
Question : Who wrote the book - Call of the Wild ? Answer : Jack London
Question : Who wrote the 39 steps (both names) ? Answer : John Buchan
Question : Who wrote the 1994 biography "Princess in Love" ? Answer : Anna Pasternak
Question : Who wrote the musical The Desert Song ? Answer : Sigmund Romberg
Question : Who wrote Sleeping beauty, Mother Goose, Puss in Boots ? Answer : Charles Perrault
Question : Who wrote Servants of the Wankh in 1969 ? Answer : Jack Vance SF
Question : Who wrote Private Lives - 1930 - Blyth Spirit 1941 (both names) ? Answer : Noel Coward
Question : Who wrote One flew over the Cuckoos Nest ? Answer : Ken Kesey
Question : Who wrote Of Human Bondage and The Moon and Sixpence ? Answer : Somerset Maugham
Question : Who wrote Oedipus Rex ? Answer : Sophocles
Question : Who wrote Northanger Abbey ? Answer : Jayne Austin
Question : Who wrote Never Love a Stranger ? Answer : Harold Robbins
Question : Who wrote Moon River used in Breakfast at Tiffanies ? Answer : Henry Mancini
Question : Who wrote Man are from Mars Women are from Venus ? Answer : John Grey
Question : Who wrote Les Miserable ? Answer : Victor Hugo
Question : Who wrote Last Tango in Brooklyn his third novel ? Answer : Kirk Douglas
Question : Who wrote Heart of Darkness ? Answer : Joseph Conrad
Question : Who wrote Gulliver’s Travels (both names) ? Answer : Jonathon Swift
Question : Who wrote Goodbye Mr Chips ? Answer : James Hilton
Question : Who wrote Gone with the Wind ? Answer : Margaret Mitchell
Question : Who wrote Gentlemen Prefer Blonds ? Answer : Anita Loos
Question : Who wrote four consecutive number one songs in 1978 ? Answer : Barry Gibb
Question : Who wrote Dr Zhivago ? Answer : Boris Pasternak
Question : Who wrote Don't count your chickens before they are hatched ? Answer : Aesop - Milkmaid and
Question : Who wrote Cliff Richards hit song Living Doll ? Answer : Lionel Bart
Question : Who wrote Catch 22 (both names) ? Answer : Joseph Heller
Question : Who wrote Candide ? Answer : Voltaire
Question : Who wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's ? Answer : Truman Capote
Question : Who wrote Brave New World (full name) ? Answer : Aldus Huxley
Question : Who wrote Beau Geste ? Answer : P C Wren
Question : Who wrote April is the cruellest month in poem The Wasteland ? Answer : T S Elliot
Question : Who wrote and starred in the 1922 version of Robin Hood ? Answer : Douglas Fairbanks
Question : Who wrote about Willie Wonka and the Chocolate Factory ? Answer : Roald Dahl
Question : Who wrote A Town Like Alice ? Answer : Nevil Shute
Question : Who wrote a series of novels about the Ballentines of Africa ? Answer : Wilber Smith
Question : Who wrote "To err is human to forgive divine" ? Answer : Alexander Pope essay
Question : Who would you expect to see in the Leftorium ? Answer : Ned Flanders shop
Question : Who would you expect to find in Castle Gondolofo ? Answer : The Pope
Question : Who would write a decratal or rescript ? Answer : The Pope
Question : Who would wear motley ? Answer : Jester clothing
Question : Who would wear a Zucchetto ? Answer : Catholic Clergy - hat
Question : Who would wear a Hachimaki - or headband ? Answer : Kamikaze pilots
Question : Who would wear a diadem ? Answer : Kings headband
Question : Who would use or what are Tittums ? Answer : Bellringers changes
Question : Who would use an orange stick ? Answer : Manicurist
Question : Who would use an opisometer ? Answer : A cartographer to
Question : Who would use an ankus in their job ? Answer : Mahout to goad an
Question : Who would use a technique called pleaching ? Answer : Gardener twine
Question : Who would use a Syllabary ? Answer : Arabs - their alphabet
Question : Who would use a swozzle ? Answer : Punch and Judy man
Question : Who would use a punty in their job ? Answer : Glass blowers rod
Question : Who would use a plessor ? Answer : Doctor reflex hammer
Question : Who would use a Pig'in String ? Answer : Calf Roper Rodeo -
Question : Who would use a mashie niblick ? Answer : Golfer
Question : Who would use a Jigger, Buzz, Flagging iron, Round shaver, Adze ? Answer : Cooper - making
Question : Who would use a claque ? Answer : Actor - Paid audience
Question : Who would use a chimere and a rochet ? Answer : Bishop - parts of dress
Question : Who would use a caret ? Answer : Printer it’s an
Question : Who would use a brannock or what for ? Answer : Measure foot shoes
Question : Who would use a barny to reduce noise ? Answer : Film Cameraman cosy
Question : Who would take silk as part of their job ? Answer : Barrister
Question : Who would spin a Gob on their nose end ? Answer : Glassblower
Question : Who would perform the Maha Mantra ? Answer : Hari Krishnas
Question : Who would get an award known as the purple cross ? Answer : Animal bravery by
Question : Who would be scored on the Apgar scale ? Answer : Newborn Babies
Question : Who won two Nobel prizes in different fields ? Answer : Marie Curie Physics
Question : Who won the World Series in 1987 ? Answer : Minnesota twins
Question : Who won the women's heptathlon at Seoul in 1988 ? Answer : Jackie Joyner-Kersey
Question : Who won the Tour de France 4 times 1961 to 1964 ? Answer : Jacques Anquetil
Question : Who won the Superbowl in 1989 ? Answer : San Francisco 49 ers
Question : Who won the Superbowl in 1987 ? Answer : New York Giants
Question : Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1972 ? Answer : Nobody
Question : Who won the formula 1 championship after death at Monza ? Answer : Jochen Rindt - 1970
Question : Who won the first Oscar for a musical in 1943 ? Answer : James Cagney
Question : Who won the first Nobel prize for Physics in 1901 - gave away ? Answer : Wilhelm Roentgen
Question : Who won the Eurovision song contest with Jack in a Box ? Answer : Clodagh Rogers
Question : Who won the best actress Oscar 1959 Room at the Top ? Answer : Simone Signoret
Question : Who won the best actor award for Marty in 1955 ? Answer : Ernest Borgnine
Question : Who won the 1988 Superbowl ? Answer : Washington Redskins
Question : Who won six consecutive Wimbledon titles in the 1980s ? Answer : Martina Navratilova
Question : Who won Oscars for Jaws ET Star Wars Schindlers List ? Answer : John Williams (music)
Question : Who won Euro song contest Save All Your Kisses For Me ? Answer : Brotherhood of Man
Question : Who won an Oscar posthumously ? Answer : Peter Finch - for
Question : Who won an Oscar for the soundtrack to Chariots of Fire ? Answer : Vangelis
Question : Who won an Oscar for the African Queen ? Answer : Bogart
Question : Who won an Oscar for best supporting actor in Spartacus 1960 ? Answer : Peter Ustinov
Question : Who were UPS original customers ? Answer : Department stores
Question : Who were the first pop stars to appear in Madam Tussaud's ? Answer : The Beatles
Question : Who were the first people to measure the year ? Answer : Babylonians
Question : Who were the first Australian group to sell a million records ? Answer : The Seekers Ill never
Question : Who were originally The Sons of Daniel Boone ? Answer : The Boy Scouts of
Question : Who were Curier Ellis and Acton Bell ? Answer : Bronte sisters - pen
Question : Who went to school at Hogwarts ? Answer : Harry Potter
Question : Who was with Macbeth when he met the witches ? Answer : Banquo
Question : Who was voted most popular film performer in the USA in 1926 ? Answer : Rin Tin-Tin
Question : Who was vice president US when A bomb dropped on Hiroshima ? Answer : No One - was not one
Question : Who was Time Magazines first man of the year (1927) ? Answer : Charles Lindbergh
Question : Who was Time magazine man of the year 1952 ? Answer : Queen Elizabeth II
Question : Who was THE woman to Sherlock Holmes ? Answer : Irene Adler
Question : Who was the wise cat in TS Eliot's book of cats ? Answer : Old Deuteronomy
Question : Who was the voice of Scooby Doo ? Answer : Mickey Dolenz
Question : Who was the US equivalent of Alf Garnet ? Answer : Archie Bunker
Question : Who was the third and favourite son of David in Old Testament ? Answer : Absolom
Question : Who was the star of The Sixth Sense ? Answer : Bruce Willis
Question : Who was the son of Zeus and Maia - Gods Messenger ? Answer : Hermes
Question : Who was the son of Poseidon and Ampherite ? Answer : Triton
Question : Who was the science advisor on the first Star Trek film ? Answer : Isaac Asimov
Question : Who was the runner up in the 1979 Le Mans 24 hour race ? Answer : Paul Newman
Question : Who was the Roman Goddess of the land ? Answer : Terra
Question : Who was the Roman goddess of the hearth ? Answer : Vesta
Question : Who was the Roman Goddess of peace ? Answer : Pax
Question : Who was the Roman god of field boundaries ? Answer : Terminus
Question : Who was the Roman god of agriculture ? Answer : Saturn
Question : Who was the Queen of Sparta ? Answer : Helen of Troy
Question : Who was the pilot in the first fatal air crash ? Answer : Orville Wright
Question : Who was the Phoenician Goddess of love ? Answer : Astarte
Question : Who was the original Peeping Tom looking at ? Answer : Lady Godiva
Question : Who was the original choice to play the terminator ? Answer : O J Simpson
Question : Who was the only unidentified person awarded the Victoria Cross ? Answer : US unknown soldier
Question : Who was the only person to win world titles on bikes and cars ? Answer : John Surtees
Question : Who was the only horse ever to beat the legendary Man O War ? Answer : Upset 12 August 1919
Question : Who was the only English King crowned on the battlefield ? Answer : Henry VII
Question : Who was the only Apostle to die a natural death ? Answer : Saint John
Question : Who was the mother of Castor and Pollux ? Answer : Helen of Troy
Question : Who was the minstrel that found Richard I imprisoned ? Answer : Blondel (De Nesle)
Question : Who was the male star when The Mousetrap first played ? Answer : Richard
Question : Who was the main plotter in the Gunpowder Plot 1605 ? Answer : Robert Catesby
Question : Who was The Little Playful One ? Answer : Pocahontas
Question : Who was the little gentleman in velvet - death William III ? Answer : A Mole
Question : Who was the leader of the wolves in Kipling's Jungle Book ? Answer : Akala
Question : Who was the leader of the wolf pack in The Jungle Book ? Answer : Akala
Question : Who was the leader of the Polish trade union Solidarity ? Answer : Lech Walesa
Question : Who was the leader of the notorious Gambino Mafia family ? Answer : John Gotti
Question : Who was the lead singer in Herman's Hermits ? Answer : Peter Noone
Question : Who was the last Roman Catholic King of England ? Answer : James II
Question : Who was the last prisoner in the Tower of London ? Answer : Rudolf Hess
Question : Who was the last living person on a US postal stamp ? Answer : Nobody it's illegal
Question : Who was the last king of Troy killed by Achilles son Pyrrhus ? Answer : Priam
Question : Who was the last Indian chief to die in battle at Wounded Knee ? Answer : Big Foot
Question : Who was the last English King to die on the battlefield ? Answer : Richard III
Question : Who was the last Emperor of France ? Answer : Napoleon III
Question : Who was the last British king born outside the UK ? Answer : George II - Hanover
Question : Who was the last amateur to win US tennis open 1968 ? Answer : Arthur Ashe
Question : Who was the King of Swing ? Answer : Benny Goodman
Question : Who was the jeweller to the Russian Court famous Easter eggs ? Answer : Faberge
Question : Who was the hero of the old TV cop series Dragnet ? Answer : Sergeant Joe Friday
Question : Who was the Greek goddess of retribution ? Answer : Nemesis
Question : Who was the Greek goddess of love ? Answer : Aphrodite
Question : Who was the governor of New South Wales in 1808 ? Answer : Captain William Bligh
Question : Who was the Goddess of the rainbow ? Answer : Iris
Question : Who was the founder of the Quakers (both names) ? Answer : George Fox
Question : Who was the founder of Judaism ? Answer : Abraham
Question : Who was the first woman to win an Oscar best actress 1928 ? Answer : Janet Gaynor
Question : Who was the first woman to win an acting Emmy in a sf series ? Answer : Lindsay Wagner -
Question : Who was the first woman to win an Academy Award ? Answer : Janet Gaynor 1929
Question : Who was the first woman to win 4 consecutive US tennis open ? Answer : Chris Evert Lloyd
Question : Who was the first woman to receive The Order of Merit 1907 ? Answer : Florence Nightingale
Question : Who was the first US to have indoor plumbing installed ? Answer : Henry Wadsworth
Question : Who was the first US president to be sworn in by a woman ? Answer : Lyndon B Johnson -
Question : Who was the first UK solo artist to have a US number 1 hit ? Answer : Acker Bilk Stranger
Question : Who was the first UK royal interviewed on television ? Answer : Prince Philip
Question : Who was the first trapeze artist to perform without a net ? Answer : Jules Leotard
Question : Who was the first tennis player to achieve the grand slam ? Answer : Donald Budge
Question : Who was the first rock star arrested on stage ? Answer : Jim Morrison of the
Question : Who was the first rock band to perform at NY Opera house ? Answer : The Who
Question : Who was the first president to be televised ? Answer : F D Roosevelt Worlds
Question : Who was the first Plantagenet monarch of England 1154 to 89 ? Answer : Henry II
Question : Who was the first person to wear a wristwatch ? Answer : Queen Elizabeth 1st
Question : Who was the first non head of state to appear on a stamp ? Answer : Benjamin Franklin
Question : Who was the first newspaper owner to give staff a paid holiday ? Answer : Joseph Pulitzer
Question : Who was the first Marvel Comics superhero ? Answer : Human Torch
Question : Who was the first man to set foot on all five continents ? Answer : Captain Cook
Question : Who was the first man to run a sub four minute mile ? Answer : Roger Bannister
Question : Who was the first man to fly across the channel ? Answer : Louis Bleriot
Question : Who was the first man in space ? Answer : Yuri Gagarin
Question : Who was the first male to appear on the cover of playboy ? Answer : Peter Sellers
Question : Who was the first male to appear on the cover of Playboy ? Answer : Peter Sellers
Question : Who was the first male tennis player to win 100 tournaments ? Answer : Jimmy Connors
Question : Who was the first honorary US citizen ? Answer : Winston Churchill
Question : Who was the first gymnast to score a perfect 10 in Olympics ? Answer : Nadia Comaneci
Question : Who was the first Grand Prix driver to used a safety belt in 1967 ? Answer : Jackie Stuart
Question : Who was the first golfer to officially earn over $1 million a year ? Answer : Curtis Strange
Question : Who was the first golfer to get hole in one on British TV ? Answer : Tony Jacklin
Question : Who was the first French women's designer to design for men ? Answer : Pierre Cardin
Question : Who was the first female monster to appear on film ? Answer : Bride of Frankenstein
Question : Who was the first Englishman to die in an aircrash ? Answer : Charles Rolls
Question : Who was the first English Poet Laureate in 1616 ? Answer : Benjamin Jonson
Question : Who was the first computer millionaire ? Answer : Herman Hollerith
Question : Who was the first commoner to appear Royal Mail pack 1964 ? Answer : William Shakespeare
Question : Who was the first choice to play Beverley Hills Cop ? Answer : Sylvester Stallone
Question : Who was the first character to speak in Star Wars ? Answer : C3PO
Question : Who was the first British SF author to win a Hugo award ? Answer : Eric Frank Russell
Question : Who was the first British Royal to become a motorist ? Answer : Prince of Wales
Question : Who was the first British monarch to visit America ? Answer : George VI in 1939
Question : Who was the first black entertainer to win an Emmy award ? Answer : Harry Bellefonte
Question : Who was the first baseball player to have his number (4) retired ? Answer : Lou Gehrig
Question : Who was the first athlete to have an animated cartoon series ? Answer : Mohamed Ali
Question : Who was the first American to win a Nobel prize ? Answer : Theodore Roosevelt
Question : Who was the first American to receive the Nobel Literature prize ? Answer : Sinclair Lewis
Question : Who was the first American to make $100 million a year ? Answer : Al Capone
Question : Who was the first American in space - twice ? Answer : Gus Grissom
Question : Who was the first African American to play in a NBA game ? Answer : Earl Lloyd
Question : Who was the first actress to endorse a product commercially ? Answer : Lilly Langtree
Question : Who was the first actor to appear on cover of Time magazine ? Answer : Charlie Chaplin
Question : Who was the female star of Basic Instinct ? Answer : Sharon Stone
Question : Who was the female lead in The Shootist ? Answer : Lauren Bacall
Question : Who was the father of Icarus ? Answer : Daedalus
Question : Who was the father of Alexander the Great ? Answer : Philip II of Macedon
Question : Who was the English man of religion founded Society of Friends ? Answer : George Fox
Question : Who was the court portrait painter of Henry the Eighth ? Answer : Hans Holbein
Question : Who was the Christian missionary portrayed in Chariots of Fire ? Answer : Eric Liddle
Question : Who was the Beatles original Bass Player ? Answer : Stuart Sutcliffe
Question : Who was the Bad in the spaghetti westerns ? Answer : Lee van Cleef
Question : Who was the Angel in Milton's Paradise Lost ? Answer : Beelzebub
Question : Who was the 1958 Cha-Cha champion of Hong Kong ? Answer : Bruce Lee
Question : Who was supposed to play Betelgeuse in the movie ? Answer : Sammy Davis Junior
Question : Who was Stan Laurels partner ? Answer : Oliver Hardy
Question : Who was shown on the most popular US postal stamp of 1998 ? Answer : Sylvester and Tweety
Question : Who was shot and killed in saloon number ten ? Answer : Wild Bill Hickock
Question : Who was Prime Minister of China 1949 to 1976 ? Answer : Chou En-Lai
Question : Who was poisoned - shot - and drowned river Neva 1916 ? Answer : Rasputin
Question : Who was once billed as The Atomic Powered Singer ? Answer : Elvis Presley
Question : Who was Olive Oyls boyfriend - before Popeye ? Answer : Ham Gravy
Question : Who was offered the presidency of Israel in 1952 (turned down) ? Answer : Albert Einstein
Question : Who was offered and rejected the role of Indiana Jones ? Answer : Tom Selleck too busy
Question : Who was nicknames The desert Fox (both Names) ? Answer : Erwin Rommel
Question : Who was nicknamed The Great Communicator ? Answer : Ronald Regan
Question : Who was nicknamed The First Lady of Song ? Answer : Ella Fitzgerald
Question : Who was nicknamed The Bronx Bull ? Answer : Jake LaMotta
Question : Who was nicknamed The Brocton Bomber ? Answer : Rocky Marciano
Question : Who was nicknamed The Admiral of the Mosquitoes ? Answer : Christopher Columbus
Question : Who was nicknamed Impeesa (no sleep wolf) by Matabele tribe ? Answer : Baden Powell
Question : Who was nicknamed "Queen of the Swashbucklers" ? Answer : Maureen O' Hara
Question : Who was Mussolini's favourite cartoon character ? Answer : Donald Duck
Question : Who was murdered in Bohemia in 929 ? Answer : Good King Wenceslas
Question : Who was meant to play Annie Okley but was replaced in 1950 ? Answer : Judie Garland Annie
Question : Who was Led Zeppelins original lead singer ? Answer : Robert Plant
Question : Who was La Purcelle of Voltair's poem ? Answer : Joan of Arc
Question : Who was known in Germany as Der Bingle ? Answer : Bing Crosby
Question : Who was known as the Queen of Folk Music ? Answer : Joan Baez
Question : Who was known as The man in Black ? Answer : Johnny Cash
Question : Who was known as the Little Brown Saint ? Answer : Ghandi
Question : Who was known as The King of Pop ? Answer : Michael Jackson
Question : Who was known as the Father of Science Fiction ? Answer : Jules Verne
Question : Who was killed in The Little Bastard ? Answer : James Dean - his cars
Question : Who was kidnapped in Robert Louis Stevenson's Kidnapped ? Answer : David Balfour
Question : Who was John Dawkins better known as ? Answer : Artful Dodger
Question : Who was Humphry Bogart's first wife ? Answer : Helen Mencken
Question : Who was Hiawatha's father ? Answer : Mudjekeewis - The
Question : Who was he last Tudor monarch of England ? Answer : Elizabeth I
Question : Who was given an honorary Oscar in 1985 after 50 years acting ? Answer : James Stuart
Question : Who was given a honorary Oscar in 1985 after 50 years acting ? Answer : James Stewart
Question : Who was found dead in Hollywood's Landmark Hotel 4 Oct 1970 ? Answer : Janis Joplin
Question : Who was European correspondent New York Tribune 1851/62 ? Answer : Karl Marx
Question : Who was eaten by dogs in the Old Testament ? Answer : Jezebel
Question : Who was dropped by 20th cent Fox for being too ugly ? Answer : Marilyn Munroe by
Question : Who was Dr Zhivago’s love ? Answer : Lara
Question : Who was Douglas Elton Ullman better known as ? Answer : Douglas Fairbanks
Question : Who was Dan Dare's greatest enemy in the Eagle ? Answer : Mekon
Question : Who was Cuisine Minceur designed for ? Answer : Slimmers (Fine
Question : Who was codenamed Napoleon by the secret service ? Answer : Frank Sinatra
Question : Who was Cleopatra's first husband ? Answer : Ptolemy Dionysus -
Question : Who was captured and kept in a cage by Stromboli ? Answer : Pinocchio
Question : Who was Canada's first prime minister ? Answer : Sir John MacDonald
Question : Who was called The Scourge of God ? Answer : Attila the Hun
Question : Who was called The Man of Destiny ? Answer : Napoleon Bonaparte
Question : Who was born Mark Feld ? Answer : Marc Bolan
Question : Who was born in Wattenscheid Germany November 11th 1920 ? Answer : James Bond
Question : Who was born in Limbini Nepal ? Answer : Buddha
Question : Who was born in Chicago 5th December 1901 died 1966 ? Answer : Walt Disney
Question : Who was born at Daisy Hill Puppy Farm ? Answer : Snoopy - Peanuts
Question : Who was Bette Midlers piano player before going solo ? Answer : Barry Manilow
Question : Who was Ben Hurs rival in the great chariot race ? Answer : Messala
Question : Who was Ben Casey's boss ? Answer : Dr Zorba
Question : Who was Barbara Streisands first husband ? Answer : Elliot Gould
Question : Who was banned from writing USA Constitution - secret Jokes ? Answer : Benjamin Franklin
Question : Who was assassinated by her own bodyguard in 1984 ? Answer : Indira Ghandi
Question : Who was Andromedas mother ? Answer : Cassiopeia
Question : Who was Agrippa's son ? Answer : Nero
Question : Who was a knight of the order of the inverted dragon in Hungary ? Answer : Count Dracula
Question : Who was "The father of magazine science fiction" ? Answer : Hugo Gernsback
Question : Who wanted to play Brody in Jaws but Spielberg rejected him ? Answer : Charlton Heston
Question : Who walked the Via Dolorosa - literally Dolorous Way ? Answer : Jesus from court to
Question : Who voices the female hyena in the lion king ? Answer : Whoopee Goldberg
Question : Who voiced Mr Spock in the cartoon version of Star Trek ? Answer : Leonard Nimoy
Question : Who used to do naked cartwheels to amuse the English settlers ? Answer : Pocahontas
Question : Who used the pseudonym Ellis Bell ? Answer : Emily Bronte
Question : Who turned down the TV role of Doctor Kildare ? Answer : William Shatner
Question : Who turned down the Bogart role in Casablanca ? Answer : Ronald Reagan
Question : Who took over as Fuhrer after Hitler's death till his arrest 1945 ? Answer : Admiral Karl Donitz
Question : Who took out a $5000 life insurance before dying in battle ? Answer : George Armstrong
Question : who told the evil king Schahriah stories ? Answer : Sheherazade
Question : Who tells the story in The Arabian Nights ? Answer : Sheherazade
Question : Who tell of the mythical Bunyips that eat people ? Answer : Australian Aboriginal
Question : Who taught George Harrison to play the sitar ? Answer : Ravi Shankar
Question : Who stole the English Crown Jewels was pardoned Charles II ? Answer : Colonel Blood
Question : Who steals the Pink Panther in the original film ? Answer : The Phantom
Question : Who started life as Dippy Dawg ? Answer : Goofy
Question : Who started Laugh O Gram productions ? Answer : Walt Disney
Question : Who started his film career as Anglo Saxton type 2008 in 1930s ? Answer : David Niven
Question : Who starred in the film Sixth Sense ? Answer : Bruce Willis
Question : Who starred in Ceiling Zero as a pilot ? Answer : James Cagney
Question : Who starred in cartoon where the Tasmanian Devil 1st appeared ? Answer : Bugs Bunny - Devil
Question : Who starred in 1950s Circus Boy then moved on to pop music ? Answer : Mickey Dolenz
Question : Who starred as the Six Million Dollar Man ? Answer : Lee Majors
Question : Who starred as Rocky Balboa ? Answer : Sylvester Stallone
Question : Who starred as Daisy in The Great Gatsby ? Answer : Mia Farrow
Question : Who spoke for the first time in a Bugs Bunny cartoon in 1951 ? Answer : Roadrunner
Question : Who spent 18 months in 1940s as no 3188 home wayward boys ? Answer : Steve McQueen
Question : Who speaks Quechua ? Answer : Peruvian Indians
Question : Who speak a language called Mudderschproch ? Answer : Amish (Pennsylvania
Question : Who sometimes used the pseudonym Al Brown ? Answer : Alphonse Capone
Question : Who sold the most albums on a single day ? Answer : Elvis 20 million day
Question : Who sold Louisiana to the USA in 1803 ? Answer : Napoleon
Question : Who signed the Magna Carta at Runnymead ? Answer : No One - John sealed
Question : Who should have played Indiana Jones and dropped out ? Answer : Tom Selleck
Question : Who set a world water speed record over 70 mph at age 72 ? Answer : Alexander Graham
Question : Who served under Nelson commanding the Glatton 1801 ? Answer : William Bligh
Question : Who sent Stanley to Africa to look for Livingstone ? Answer : New York Herald
Question : Who sells more cars than Ford Chrysler Chevrolet and Buick ? Answer : Matchbox toys
Question : Who secretly married Sara Lowndes in November 1965 ? Answer : Bob Dylan
Question : Who sculpted the four lions in Trafalgar Square ? Answer : Sir Edwin Landseer
Question : Who sculpted Rima, Genisis and Ecco Homo ? Answer : Jacob Epstein
Question : Who saved Andromeda from the sea monster ? Answer : Perseus
Question : Who sang the title song in the film Grease ? Answer : Frankie Valli
Question : Who sang the theme to The Spy who Loved Me ? Answer : Carly Simon
Question : Who sang the theme song in the Bond film For Your Eyes Only ? Answer : Shena Easton
Question : Who sang the theme song in From Russia with Love ? Answer : Matt Munroe
Question : Who sang the theme song in 9 to 5 ? Answer : Dolly Parton
Question : Who sang the theme song for The Love Boat ? Answer : Jack Jones
Question : Who sang the theme song for Rawhide ? Answer : Frankie Lane
Question : Who sang the original version of Blue Suede Shoes ? Answer : Carl Perkins
Question : Who sang Shattered Dreams in 1987 ? Answer : Johnny Hates Jazz
Question : Who sang Move em out head em up head em up move em on ? Answer : Frankie Lane Rawhide
Question : Who sang for Lauren Bacall in To Have and Have Not ? Answer : Andy Williams
Question : Who sang Come on Eileen ? Answer : Dexies Midnight
Question : Who sang about Sylvia's Mother ? Answer : Dr Hook
Question : Who sang about Saturday Night at the Movies ? Answer : The Drifters
Question : Who sang about Angel in a Centrefold ? Answer : J Geils Band
Question : Who sailed in the Nina - Pinta and Santa Maria ? Answer : Christopher Columbus
Question : Who sailed in the Golden Hind ? Answer : Sir Francis Drake
Question : Who sailed in a ship called Queen Ann's Revenge ? Answer : Blackbeard
Question : Who said Tis better to have loved and lost etc ? Answer : Alfred Lord Tennyson
Question : Who said the quickest way of ending a war is to lose it ? Answer : George Orwell
Question : Who said sex is a bad thing it rumples the clothes ? Answer : Jacqueline Kennedy
Question : Who said Politics is the art of the possible 11 Aug 1867 ? Answer : Otto Von Bismarck
Question : Who said Old age isn’t so bad - considering the alternative ? Answer : Maurice Chevalier
Question : Who said I've have take more out of alcohol that it has out of me ? Answer : Sir Winston Churchill
Question : Who said in 1951 - "I married beneath me - All women do" ? Answer : Lady Nancy Astor
Question : Who said I have had a talent for irritating women since I was 14 ? Answer : Marilyn Munroe
Question : Who said China is a big country inhabited by many Chinese ? Answer : Charles de Gaulle
Question : Who said about his songs "some are 10 minutes long some are 6" ? Answer : Bob Dylan
Question : Who said about criticism " I cry all the way to the bank " ? Answer : Liberace
Question : Who said "Too much of a good thing is wonderful" ? Answer : Mae West
Question : Who said "To many of our imports are from abroad" ? Answer : George Bush
Question : Who said "This game is about beating the crap out of everyone" ? Answer : Bears Quarterback
Question : Who said "The internet is a good way to get on the net" ? Answer : Republican candidate
Question : Who said "The die is cast" (on crossing the Rubicon) ? Answer : Julius Caesar
Question : Who said "The child is the father of the man" ? Answer : Wordsworth
Question : Who said "Sometimes too much drink is barely enough" ? Answer : Mark Twain
Question : Who said "Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar" ? Answer : Sigmund Freud
Question : Who said "sex older women best they think its their last time" ? Answer : Ian Fleming
Question : Who said "sex appeal 50% what you got 50% they think you got" ? Answer : Sophia Loren
Question : Who said "Public service is my motto" ? Answer : Al Capone
Question : Who said "People only see what they are prepared to see" ? Answer : Ralph W Emmerson
Question : Who said "Once you are dead you are made for life" ? Answer : Jimmy Hendrix
Question : Who said "No sex is better than bad sex" ? Answer : Germaine Greer
Question : Who said "never kick a fresh turd on a hot day" ? Answer : Harry S Truman
Question : Who said "necessity is the mother of invention" ? Answer : Ovid
Question : Who said "More people would be alive if we had a death penalty" ? Answer : Nancy Reagan
Question : Who said "men are creatures with two legs and 8 hands" ? Answer : Jayne Mansfield
Question : Who said "Losing my virginity was a career move" ? Answer : Madonna
Question : Who said "I've no problem with drugs - only policemen" ? Answer : Keith Richard
Question : Who said "Iv'e never had an accident worth talking about" ? Answer : Captain E J Smith of
Question : Who said "Its so long since sex I forget who gets tied up" ? Answer : Joan Rivers
Question : Who said "If a lie is told in the Whitehouse Nixon gets a royalty" ? Answer : Richard Nixon
Question : Who said "I’ve watched a lot of baseball - on the radio" ? Answer : Gerald Ford
Question : Who said "I’ve sometimes thought of marriage - then re-thought" ? Answer : Noel Coward
Question : Who said "I like Beethoven especially the poems" ? Answer : Ringo Starr
Question : Who said "I have no problems with drugs - only policemen" ? Answer : Keith Richard
Question : Who said "computers are useless they only give you answers" ? Answer : Pablo Picasso
Question : Who said "Canada? I don't even know what street Canada is on" ? Answer : Al Capone
Question : Who said "Bigamy is one husband too many like Monogamy" ? Answer : Erica Jong - Fear of
Question : Who said "All the world's art ain't worth a good potato pie" ? Answer : L S Lowrie
Question : Who said "All I can say is that I'm not a Marxist" ? Answer : Karl Marx
Question : Who said "ability is useless without opportunity" ? Answer : Napoleon
Question : Who said "A Single death is a tragedy a million a statistic" ? Answer : Joseph Stalin
Question : Who said - Toe err is human - But it feels divine ? Answer : Mae West
Question : Who said - Remember time is money ? Answer : Benjamin Franklin
Question : Who said - Give us the tools and we will finish the job Feb 1941 ? Answer : Winston Churchill
Question : Who said - "The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation" ? Answer : Henry Thoreau
Question : Who said - "The bigger they come the harder they fall" 1899 ? Answer : Bob Fitzsimmons
Question : Who said - "One more drink and Ill be under the host" ? Answer : Dorethy Parker
Question : Who said - "A woman only a woman - good cigar is a smoke" ? Answer : Rudyard Kipling
Question : Who runs the Spirit Foundation - Aged Abused Orphaned ? Answer : Yoko Ono
Question : Who rode Rocinante ? Answer : Don Quixote
Question : Who rode a horse called Phantom ? Answer : Zorro
Question : Who rode a horse called Morengo ? Answer : Napoleon at Waterloo
Question : Who rode a horse called Magnolia ? Answer : George Washington
Question : Who rode a horse called Lamri ? Answer : King Arthur
Question : Who rode a horse called Diomed ? Answer : Duke of Wellington
Question : Who rode a horse called Bucephalus ? Answer : Alexander the Great
Question : Who rode a horse called Aethenoth ? Answer : Lady Godiva
Question : Who reputedly first said - if in doubt tell the truth ? Answer : Mark Twain
Question : Who released the album Invincible ? Answer : Michael Jackson
Question : Who rejected the role of Riddler in Batman Forever ? Answer : Robin Williams
Question : Who rejected the Olivia Newton John role in Grease ? Answer : Marie Osmond
Question : Who rejected the 1964 Nobel prize for literature ? Answer : Jean Paul Sarte
Question : Who refused the Nobel Literature prize in 1958 ? Answer : Boris Pasternak
Question : Who refused the leading male role in Gone With the Wind ? Answer : Gary Cooper
Question : Who refereed the 1876 Sharky Fitzsimmons fight with a gun ? Answer : Wyatt Earp
Question : Who recorded their first song under the names Tom and Jerry ? Answer : Simon and Garfunkle
Question : Who recorded the Album In Through the Out Door ? Answer : Led Zeppelin
Question : Who recorded as Dib Cochran and the Earwigs ? Answer : Marc Bolan and
Question : Who received the first ever Gold Disc ? Answer : Glen Miller -
Question : Who received 800000 fan letters in 1933 ? Answer : Mickey Mouse
Question : Who read the original writing on the wall ? Answer : Daniel - in the Bible
Question : Who ran through the streets naked crying Eureka ? Answer : Archimedes
Question : Who ran the first marathon ? Answer : Phidipedes
Question : Who produced the Tom and Jerry cartoons until 1956 ? Answer : Fred Quimby
Question : Who produced and directed the Death Wish series of films ? Answer : Michael Winner
Question : Who plays Data in Star Trek the Next Generation ? Answer : Brent Spiner
Question : Who plays Ali McBeal ? Answer : Callista Flockhart
Question : Who played The Talented Mr Ripley ? Answer : Matt Damon
Question : Who played the scarecrow in the Wiz (all black wiz of oz) ? Answer : Michael Jackson
Question : Who played the role of Miss Hannigan in the film Annie ? Answer : Carol Burnett
Question : Who played the pawnbroker in the film of that name ? Answer : Rod Stiger
Question : Who played the girl on the motorcycle in a film of same name ? Answer : Marianne Faithful
Question : Who played The Fugitive ? Answer : David Jason
Question : Who played the doctor in the rock opera Tommy ? Answer : Jack Nicholson
Question : Who played the alien in Predator jumping and climbing scenes ? Answer : Jean-Claude Van
Question : Who played Sarah Conner in 1984s Terminator ? Answer : Linda Hamilton
Question : Who played Pink in the movie The Wall ? Answer : Bob Geldorf
Question : Who played Miss Marple in 6 films (both names) ? Answer : Margaret Rutherford
Question : Who played Louis Armstrong in 1954 film The Glen Miller Story ? Answer : He played himself
Question : Who played Dr McCoy in the original Star Trek series ? Answer : Deforest Kelly
Question : Who played Domino in Never say Never Again ? Answer : Kim Bassinger
Question : Who played Commodious in the Oscar winning Gladiator ? Answer : Joaquin Phoenix
Question : Who played by Luther Adler Roy Goldman Peter Sellers etc ? Answer : Adolf Hitler
Question : Who played Billy the Kid in The Left Handed Gun ? Answer : Paul Newman
Question : Who played Beau Geste in the 1939 film ? Answer : Gary Cooper
Question : Who played bass guitar in Suzi Quarto's group ? Answer : Suzi Quatro
Question : Who piloted the first flight across the English channel ? Answer : Louis Bleriot
Question : Who performed the first heart transplant in South Africa ? Answer : Christian Barnard
Question : Who painted the Water Lilly Pond in 1899 (both names) ? Answer : Claude Monet
Question : Who painted The Haywain ? Answer : John Constable
Question : Who painted The Gleaners ? Answer : Jean Francis Millet
Question : Who painted - A Girl Asleep - The Letter - The Kitchen Maid ? Answer : Jan Vermeer
Question : Who owns The Oval cricket ground ? Answer : Prince Charles
Question : Who owns the Audi car company ? Answer : Ford motor company
Question : Who owns Dartmoor prison ? Answer : Prince Charles
Question : Who owned the yacht Lady Ghislane ? Answer : Robert Maxwell
Question : Who owned the sword Joyeuse ? Answer : Charlemagne
Question : Who owned the newspaper in Lou Grant - Nancy Marchand ? Answer : Mrs Pyncheron
Question : Who owned the dog called Peritus ? Answer : Alexander the Great
Question : Who owned Rin Tin Tin in the series ? Answer : Rusty
Question : Who owned and lived in the castle Joyous Guard ? Answer : Lancelot
Question : Who owned a sword called crocea mors or yellow death ? Answer : Julius Caesar
Question : Who owned a chimp called Chee-Chee ? Answer : Dr Dolittle
Question : Who owned a cat called Bismarck ? Answer : Florence Nightingale
Question : Who owned a cat called Apollinaris ? Answer : Mark Twain
Question : Who ordered the building of the Tower of London ? Answer : William the
Question : Who ordered John the Baptists execution ? Answer : King Herod
Question : Who or what was introduced to the USA in 1964 ? Answer : G I Joe
Question : Who or what was Black Betsy ? Answer : Babe Ruth's 44oz
Question : Who or what was "strong to the finish" ? Answer : Popeye - cos he eats
Question : Who or what lives in a formicarium ? Answer : Ants
Question : Who or what killed Al Capone ? Answer : Syphilis
Question : Who or what could win a Golden Clio award ? Answer : Advertising film
Question : Who or what are Taikonauts ? Answer : Chinese astronauts
Question : Who only author to have a book in every Dewy-Decimal category ? Answer : Isaac Asimov
Question : Who once had a job as a coffin polisher ? Answer : Sean Connery
Question : Who often solved a three pipe problem ? Answer : Sherlock Holmes
Question : Who nicknamed his gun Lucrettia Borgia cos it killed everything ? Answer : Buffalo Bill
Question : Who narrated Jeff Wayne's War of the Worlds ? Answer : Richard Burton
Question : Who named a city after his horse Bucephalus ? Answer : Alexander the Great
Question : Who might wear a wimple ? Answer : A Nun
Question : Who might use ruddle or what is it ? Answer : Shepherds dye
Question : Who met at Ujiji in 1871 ? Answer : H M Stanley and Dr.
Question : Who makes Pringles ? Answer : Proctor and Gamble
Question : Who makes Miller Lite beer ? Answer : Philip Morris
Question : Who makes Kleenex tissues ? Answer : Kimberly Clark
Question : Who made his screen debut in Mad Dog Col 1961 as a cop ? Answer : Gene Hackman
Question : Who made his name with Jimmy James and the Blue Flames ? Answer : Jimmy Hendrix
Question : Who made his debut in a 1955 Warner Brothers cartoon ? Answer : Speedy Gonzales
Question : Who made a TV advertisment for Southern Maid Doughnuts ? Answer : Elvis Presley
Question : Who lived in Honalee ? Answer : Puff the magic dragon
Question : Who lived at 1431 North Beachwood ? Answer : The Monkeys
Question : Who live in Frostbite falls Minnesota ? Answer : Rocky and Bullwinkle
Question : Who live at 742 Evergreen Terrace ? Answer : The Simpson's
Question : Who lit the flame 1956 Olympics and then broke 8 world records ? Answer : Ron Clark
Question : Who links a western gambler and a private eye ? Answer : James Garner
Question : Who led the Soviets when they invaded Hungary in 1956 ? Answer : Nikita Khruschcev
Question : Who landed on Timor Island after being cast adrift ? Answer : Captain Bligh
Question : Who killed his grandfather with a quoit at the Larrisan games ? Answer : Perseus
Question : Who is Yogi Bears girlfriend ? Answer : Cindy Bear
Question : Who is Woodie Woodpeckers girlfriend ? Answer : Winnie Woodpecker
Question : Who is Warner Brothers oldest cartoon character ? Answer : Porky Pig
Question : Who is the unit of sound named after ? Answer : Alexander Graham
Question : Who is the tallest telletubbie ? Answer : Tinky Winky
Question : Who is the spouse of the Duke of Normandy ? Answer : Philip Duke of
Question : Who is the Roman Goddess of sorcery hounds and crossroads ? Answer : Trivia
Question : Who is the Roman Goddess of orchards and gardens ? Answer : Pomonia
Question : Who is the Roman Goddess of invention and wisdom ? Answer : Minerva
Question : Who is the Roman Goddess of flocks and herds ? Answer : Pales
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of Young Virgins ? Answer : St Agnes
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of Young Boys ? Answer : St Pancreas
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of TV ? Answer : St Clare
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of thieves ? Answer : St Nicholas
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of Spain ? Answer : St James
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of sailors ? Answer : Saint Elmo
Question : Who is the patron saint of music ? Answer : St Cecilia
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of learning ? Answer : St Ambrose
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of hunters ? Answer : St Hubert
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of housewives ? Answer : Martha
Question : Who is the patron saint of Gypsies ? Answer : St Sarah
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of grocers ? Answer : Saint Michael
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of Grave diggers ? Answer : St Anthony
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of Gout ? Answer : Saint Andrew
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of Germany and sodomy ? Answer : Saint Boniface
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of France ? Answer : St Denis
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of florists and gardeners ? Answer : Saint Dorothy
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of desperation ? Answer : St Jude
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of dancers and actors ? Answer : St Vitas
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of cooks ? Answer : St Laurence
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of bricklayers ? Answer : St Steven
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of brewers ? Answer : Saint Nicholas
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of boy scouts ? Answer : Saint George
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of authors ? Answer : Saint Paul
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of Artists ? Answer : St Luke
Question : Who is the Patron Saint of Accountants ? Answer : Saint Matthew
Question : Who is the only solo performer to win Euro song twice ? Answer : Johnny Logan 1980 -
Question : Who is the only director to win 3 Oscars within five years in 30s ? Answer : Frank Capra 1934
Question : Who is the only American president elected unopposed ? Answer : george washington 1798 1792
Question : Who is the mother of Huey, Duey and Louie ? Answer : Dumbella Duck
Question : Who is the most filmed comic strip character ? Answer : Zorro
Question : Who is the most filmed author ? Answer : Shakespeare over 300
Question : Who is the largest toy distributor in the world ? Answer : McDonalds
Question : Who is The Incredible Hulks girlfriend ? Answer : Betty Ross
Question : Who is the Greek Goddess of witchcraft and black magic ? Answer : Hecate
Question : Who is the Greek Goddess of the moon ? Answer : Selene
Question : Who is the Greek God of the sky and the universe ? Answer : Uranus
Question : Who is the Greek equivalent of the Roman Jupiter ? Answer : Zeus - chief God
Question : Who is the first person a newly elected Pope meets ? Answer : His tailor to measure
Question : Who is the father of the Russian alphabet ? Answer : Saint Cyril
Question : Who is the Egyptian God of the dead ? Answer : Anubis
Question : Who is the boss of UNCLE ? Answer : Mr Waverley
Question : Who is the biggest landowner in New York city ? Answer : Catholic Church
Question : Who is the alter ego of Henry the mild mannered janitor ? Answer : Hong Kong Phooey
Question : Who is the adopted son of Vito Corleone ? Answer : Tom Hagan
Question : Who is supposed to be buried under Kings Cross station ? Answer : Boadicea
Question : Who is Oscar, Zoroaster, Phadrig, Isaac, Norman,Henkle, ? Answer : Wizard of Oz
Question : Who is only artist that toured with Elvis, Beatles and Eagles ? Answer : Roy Orbison
Question : Who is on the most popular us commemorative stamp ? Answer : Elvis
Question : Who is Olive Oyls brother ? Answer : Castor Oyl
Question : Who is known in Argentina as The Filthy Satanic Whore ? Answer : Madonna
Question : Who is known as Tuhkimo in Finland ? Answer : Cinderella
Question : Who is known as The father of Poetry ? Answer : Homer
Question : Who is known as The father of English poetry - 1340 - 1400 ? Answer : Geoffrey Chaucer
Question : Who is Ivanhoe's wife ? Answer : Rowena
Question : Who is Homer Simpson's brother ? Answer : Herb Powell
Question : Who is Harry Potters main enemy ? Answer : Lord Voldemort
Question : Who is Dumbella ? Answer : Donald Ducks sister
Question : Who is Dick Tracey's girlfriend ? Answer : Tess Trueheart
Question : Who is Charlie Browns favourite baseball player (fictional) ? Answer : Joe Shlabotnik
Question : Who is buried in a chapel near lake Stroganoff in Romania ? Answer : Count Dracula
Question : Who is Aladdin's father ? Answer : Mustapha the tailor
Question : Who invented wax paper ? Answer : Thomas Edison
Question : Who invented the word pandemonium ? Answer : John Milton - capitol
Question : Who invented the television ? Answer : John Logie Baird
Question : Who invented the rocking chair ? Answer : Benjamin Franklin
Question : Who invented the first safety razor in 1895 ? Answer : King Camp Gillette
Question : Who invented the dumb waiter ? Answer : Thomas Jefferson
Question : Who invented Scissors ? Answer : Leonardo Da Vinci
Question : Who invented punched cards used in early computing 1880s ? Answer : Herman Hollerith
Question : Who invented popcorn ? Answer : American Indians
Question : Who invented doctor Who ? Answer : Terry Nation
Question : Who in US was given Hitler's Supreme Order of German Eagle ? Answer : Henry Ford
Question : Who in books and films was the man of bronze ? Answer : Doc Savage
Question : Who in 1958 was the first British Formula one champion ? Answer : Mike Hawthorne
Question : Who hired the Mormon Mafia to prevent contamination ? Answer : Howard Hughs
Question : Who has won the soccer world cup as a player and a coach ? Answer : Franz Beckenbauer
Question : Who has won the most Oscars ? Answer : Walt Disney
Question : Who has a tattoo saying Starland Vocal Band ? Answer : Homer Simpson
Question : Who had the part of Dirty Harry - hurt hand - dropped out ? Answer : Frank Sinatra
Question : Who had the motto Non Sans Droit - not without right ? Answer : William Shakespeare
Question : Who had the gift of prophecy and the curse of not being believed ? Answer : Cassandra Daughter
Question : Who had a no 1 Album 60s 70s 80s 90s ? Answer : Barbara Strisand
Question : Who had a job as a Grave Digger ? Answer : Rod Stuart
Question : Who had a hit with Tiger Feet ? Answer : Mud
Question : Who had a hit with the song Loco-Motion ? Answer : Little Eva
Question : Who had a hit with Sylvia's Mother ? Answer : Dr Hook
Question : Who had a hit with November Rain ? Answer : Guns n Roses
Question : Who had a hit with First Cut is the Deepest in 1977 ? Answer : Rod Stuart
Question : Who had a hit with Devil Woman ? Answer : Cliff Richard
Question : Who had a hit with "Son of my Father" in 1972 ? Answer : Chicory Tip
Question : Who had a hit no 5 in US 1971 with Bridge over Troubled Water ? Answer : Aretha Franklin
Question : Who had a hit in the UK singing about the Streets of London ? Answer : Ralph McTell
Question : Who had a dog called Boatswain ? Answer : Lord Byron
Question : Who got Judas job as the twelfth apostle ? Answer : Matthias
Question : Who got best actor award for the character Charlie Allnut ? Answer : Bogart - The African
Question : Who got a gold single for the song Daniel in 1973 ? Answer : Elton John
Question : Who gave Yves Saint Laurent his start in fashion ? Answer : Christian Dior
Question : Who gave the UN the land in NY to build their HQ ? Answer : John D Rockerfeller
Question : Who founded the Samaritans in 1953 (both names) ? Answer : Chad Varah
Question : Who founded the Greek theatre ? Answer : Thespis
Question : Who founded the Ballet Russe ? Answer : Sergei Pavlovich
Question : Who founded Methodism in 1738 ? Answer : John Wesley
Question : Who founded ASH ( Action on Smoking and Health ) in 1971 ? Answer : Royal College of
Question : Who fought at the battles of Bastia, Calvi and Toulon ? Answer : Horatio Nelson
Question : Who first wrote about the myth of Atlantis ? Answer : Plato
Question : Who first starred in the film The Boy in the Plastic Bubble ? Answer : John Travolta
Question : Who first said "The Games Afoot" ? Answer : William Shakespeare
Question : Who first said "Publish and be Damned" ? Answer : Wellington re Harriot
Question : Who first played Flash Gordon on film ? Answer : Buster Crabbe
Question : Who first noticed that the sun had spots ? Answer : Galileo
Question : Who first appeared on TV December 17th 1989 ? Answer : The Simpsons -
Question : Who first appeared in the Star Trek episode Space Seed ? Answer : Khan
Question : Who first appeared in The Mysterious Affair at Styles ? Answer : Hercule Poirot
Question : Who first appeared in the film A Tale of two Kitties in 1942 ? Answer : Tweety Pie
Question : Who first appeared in the cartoon strip Thimble Theatre ? Answer : Olive Oyl
Question : Who first appeared in All Star Comics in 1941 ? Answer : Wonder Woman
Question : Who fired the first shots in the 1970 film MASH ? Answer : The Football game
Question : Who featured on the cover of the first Rolling Stone magazine ? Answer : John Lennon
Question : Who failed his music class at school ? Answer : Elvis Presley
Question : Who failed his entrance exams to school aged 16 ? Answer : Einstein - Zurich poly
Question : Who failed an audition for Fame because was not pretty enough ? Answer : Tom Cruise
Question : Who entered a contest to find his own look-alike and came 3rd ? Answer : Charlie Chaplin
Question : Who drove the McLaren to its first grand prix victory in 1968 ? Answer : Bruce McLaren
Question : Who drove a Rolls Royce with a number plate FAB 1 ? Answer : Parker in
Question : Who dropped out of Harvard in 1975 ? Answer : Bill Gates
Question : Who drives a car licensed 6YZ643 ? Answer : Fred Flintstone
Question : Who does the voiceover at the end of Michael Jackson's Thriller ? Answer : Vincent Price
Question : Who does the Beatles song The fool on the Hill refer too ? Answer : Galileo
Question : Who does Adrian Mole lust after ? Answer : Pandora
Question : Who does a Filicide kill ? Answer : Son or Daughter
Question : Who discovered radium ? Answer : The Curies
Question : Who discovered blood circulation ? Answer : William Harvey
Question : Who directed the movie Wall Street 1987 ? Answer : Oliver Stone
Question : Who directed the Halloween series of films ? Answer : John Carpenter
Question : Who directed the film The African Queen ? Answer : John Huston
Question : Who directed the film of Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451 ? Answer : Francois Trufeau
Question : Who directed the 1962 film Lawrence of Arabia ? Answer : David Lean
Question : Who directed Star Trek films 3 and 4 ? Answer : Leonard Nimoy
Question : Who directed Spartacus and Lolita ? Answer : Stanley Kubrick
Question : Who directed Sharky's Machine ? Answer : Burt Reynolds
Question : Who directed Serpico ? Answer : Sidney Lumet
Question : Who directed Full Metal Jacket ? Answer : Stanley Kubrick
Question : Who directed Four Weddings and a Funeral ? Answer : Mike Newell
Question : Who directed Dr Strangelove - 2001 - The Shining (full name) ? Answer : Stanley Kubrick
Question : Who died in 1821 from arsenic poisoning from the wallpaper ? Answer : Napoleon Bonaparte
Question : Who did Valerie Solernis shoot on Jun 3rd 1968 in New York ? Answer : Andy Worhole
Question : Who did the walrus and the carpenter ask to walk with them ? Answer : The Oysters
Question : Who did the USA buy the Virgin islands from ? Answer : Denmark
Question : Who did the painting on the cover of The Bands first album ? Answer : Bob Dylan
Question : Who did the original thugs worship ? Answer : The Goddess Kali
Question : Who did Perseus turn into stone with the Gorgons head ? Answer : Atlas
Question : Who did Mork call to each week on Ork ? Answer : Orsen
Question : Who did Michael Caine play in the Ipcress File (both names) ? Answer : Harry Palmer
Question : Who did James Bond marry - character - (both names) ? Answer : Theresa Draco
Question : Who did Fess Parker play in on TV 1964 ? Answer : Daniel Boone
Question : Who did Babe the pig work for ? Answer : Farmer Hoggett
Question : Who dictated the Koran to Mohamed ? Answer : The Angel Gabriel
Question : Who devised the idea of a flat rate postal charge ? Answer : Charles Babbage
Question : Who developed the method school of acting ? Answer : Konstanstin
Question : Who designed the WW 1 plane Camel and co designed Hurricane ? Answer : thomas octave murdoch sopwith
Question : Who designed the mini skirt ? Answer : Mary Quant
Question : Who designed the first jet engine - flew in 1941 ? Answer : Sir Frank Whittle
Question : Who designed the first Iron ship the Great Britain in 1845 ? Answer : I. Kingdom Brunel
Question : Who designed the difference engine finally built in 1991 ? Answer : Charles Babbage's
Question : Who designed clothes under the emporio label ? Answer : Georgio Armani
Question : Who described TV as "Chewing gum for the masses" ? Answer : Architect Frank Lloyd
Question : Who defended World heavyweight title twice on same night in 1906 ? Answer : Tommy Burns - both
Question : Who declined a Pulitzer Prize for his book Arrowsmith ? Answer : Sinclair Lewis
Question : Who danced with Gene Kelly in Anchors Aweigh in 1945 ? Answer : Jerry Mouse
Question : Who cut the US flag to pieces and was honoured for it ? Answer : Robert Peary left bits
Question : Who cut off Samson's Hair (King James Edition) ? Answer : An Unnamed Man
Question : Who created Woody Woodpecker ? Answer : Walter Lantz
Question : Who created the TV series - The man from UNCLE ? Answer : Ian Fleming
Question : Who created The Scarlet Pimpernel ? Answer : Baroness Orczy
Question : Who created the children's land of Narnia and Lion Witch Wardrobe ? Answer : Clive Staples Lewis
Question : Who created the character Walter Mitty ? Answer : James Thurber
Question : Who created the character Parker Pyne ? Answer : Agatha Christie
Question : Who created the cartoon character Droopy ? Answer : Tex Avery
Question : Who created the animated characters Wallace and Grommet ? Answer : Nick Parks
Question : Who created Tarzan (all names) in 1914 ? Answer : Edgar Rice Burroughs
Question : Who created Popeye ? Answer : Elzie Seger
Question : Who created Gomez, Mortia and Uncle Fester as a cartoon ? Answer : Charles Adams
Question : Who could win a PATSY ? Answer : Picture Animal Top
Question : Who composed the Symphonies Fantastique ? Answer : Hector Berlioz
Question : Who composed The Planets suit (both names) ? Answer : Gustav Holst
Question : Who composed the overture Hebrides (Fingals cave) two names ? Answer : Felix Mendelssohn
Question : Who composed the opera Turendot ? Answer : Giacomo Puccini
Question : Who composed the opera Ill Travatore ? Answer : Guiseppe Verdi
Question : Who composed the opera Billy Budd in 1951 (both names) ? Answer : Benjamin Britain
Question : Who composed the music for the opera The Tales of Hoffman ? Answer : Jacques Offenbach
Question : Who composed The Dream of Gerontius ? Answer : Edward Elgar
Question : Who composed the classical piece Peter and the Wolf ? Answer : Sergei Prokofiev
Question : Who composed the Christmas Oratorio ? Answer : J S Bach
Question : Who composed the Brandeberg concertos full names ? Answer : Johan Sebastian Bach
Question : Who composed the ballets Sleeping Beauty and The Nutcracker ? Answer : Tchaikovsky
Question : Who composed the ballets - The Firebird and The Rite of Spring ? Answer : Igor Stravinsky
Question : Who composed the Air for the G string (init and name) ? Answer : JS Bach
Question : Who composed Peter and the Wolf in 1936 (both names) ? Answer : Sergai Prokofiev
Question : Who composed Appalachian Spring ? Answer : Aaron Copeland
Question : Who composed and played the score for the film Genevieve ? Answer : Larry Addler
Question : Who composed a symphony nicknamed The Hen ? Answer : Joseph Hayden
Question : Who compete in the Maccabiah Games ? Answer : Jewish world athletes
Question : Who commanded Bill Jukes Cecco Noodler Skylights Starkey ? Answer : Captain Hook
Question : Who comes on stage before conductor and tunes orchestra ? Answer : Concert Master /
Question : Who coined the term security blanket ? Answer : Charles Schulz
Question : Who coined the term gossip column ? Answer : Mark Twain
Question : Who captured the first confederate flag in the US civil war ? Answer : George Armstrong
Question : Who captained the sloop The Witch of Endor ? Answer : Horatio Hornblower
Question : Who called himself 8th wonder of world cos of his big dick ? Answer : Charlie Chaplain
Question : Who buried the treasure on Treasure Island ? Answer : Captain Flint
Question : Who built the worlds first film studio ? Answer : Thomas Alva Edison
Question : Who built The Flamingo hotel in Las Vegas ? Answer : Bugsy Siegel
Question : Who broke Bearings bank and inspired the film Rogue Trader ? Answer : Nick Leason
Question : Who born US Edu UK Expelled West Point Died Baltimore 40 ? Answer : Edgar Alen Poe
Question : Who betrayed Jesus to the Romans ? Answer : Judas Escariot
Question : Who began his career as The Worlds Worst Juggler ? Answer : Fred Astair
Question : Who began his career as one of the Tennessee Two ? Answer : Johnny Cash
Question : Who are the two most translated English writers ? Answer : Shakespeare - Agatha
Question : Who are the largest candy consumers per capita ? Answer : Danes then Irish
Question : Who are the Diascuri ? Answer : Castor and Pollux
Question : Who are Patience and Fortitude at New Yorks Public Library ? Answer : Stone Lions Outside
Question : Who are Mickey Mouse's nephews ? Answer : Mortie and Ferdie
Question : Who are Britain's oldest publisher dating from 1469 ? Answer : Oxford University
Question : Who appeared on the first US postage stamps (both names) ? Answer : Washington - Franklin
Question : Who appeared on the first cover of TV guide 3 April 1953 ? Answer : Desi Arnaz Jr
Question : Who appeared for the first time in Beetons Christmas Annual ? Answer : Sherlock Holmes
Question : Who appeared as the infant Moses 1956 film 10 commandments ? Answer : Frazer Heston -
Question : Who (not Peter Sellers) played Inspector Clouseau in 1968 ? Answer : Alan Arkin
Question : Who "Loved not to wisely but too well" Shakespeare play ? Answer : Othello
Question : Who was the first person elected to US swimming hall fame ? Answer : Johnny Weismuller
Question : White ribbed red cabbage is named from Italian for Chicory ? Answer : Radicchio
Question : White Fungus is the best selling canned what in China ? Answer : Soup
Question : White creame de menthe and brandy make what cocktail ? Answer : Stinger
Question : Whitcome Judson in 1891 invented what for fastening shoes ? Answer : Zip Fastener
Question : Whit countries parliament is called The Storting ? Answer : Norway
Question : Whisky and Drambuie mix to form what sickly cocktail ? Answer : Rusty Nail
Question : Which writer rode Devon Loch in the 1956 Grand National ? Answer : Dick Francis
Question : Which writer invented the word drab ? Answer : C S Lewis
Question : Which writer created the detective Lord Peter Wimsey ? Answer : Dorethy L Sayers
Question : Which writer created Tabitha Twitchet, Babbity Bumble, Mr Tod ? Answer : Beatrix Potter
Question : Which writer coined the word Cyberspace in 1984 ? Answer : William Gibson -
Question : Which worlds city is known as The Golden City ? Answer : Prague Czech
Question : Which word meaning crop growing comes from Latin to plough ? Answer : Arable
Question : Which word literally meaning sweet paste is a breakfast item ? Answer : Marmalade
Question : Which word links a type of bread and a cut of precious stone ? Answer : Baguette
Question : Which women injured riding, eloped with a poet, dog called Flash ? Answer : Elizabeth Barret
Question : Which winter game is known as the roaring game ? Answer : Curling
Question : Which wine has varieties called malmsey and sercial ? Answer : Maderia
Question : Which wine grape variety is nicknamed The King of Grapes ? Answer : Cabernet Sauvignon
Question : Which wine grape variety is most planted in California ? Answer : Chardonnay
Question : Which western writer created Hopalong Cassidy ? Answer : Louis L'Amour
Question : Which western entertainments name literally means go round ? Answer : Rodeo
Question : Which was the most successful Grand National horse ? Answer : Red Rum
Question : Which war was ended by The Congress of Westphalia ? Answer : Thirty Years War
Question : Which vegetable is also a flower ? Answer : Broccoli
Question : Which vegetable is 91% water ? Answer : Cabbage
Question : Which vegetable has the highest sugar content ? Answer : Onion
Question : Which vegetable got its name from a precious stone ? Answer : Onion - Latin unio
Question : Which variety of cheese was invented by John Jossi ? Answer : Brick - rhymes with
Question : Which variety of apple is on the Beatles apple label ? Answer : Granny Smith
Question : Which USA record producer played maracas Stones 1st album ? Answer : Phil Spector
Question : Which US vehicle company has a bulldog as its symbol ? Answer : Mack trucks
Question : Which US TV show was the top rated in the 1988 89 season ? Answer : Roseanne
Question : Which US states name means meadowland ? Answer : Kentucky
Question : Which US states constitution was the first to prohibit slavery ? Answer : Vermont
Question : Which US state was known as "The mother of Presidents" ? Answer : Virginia 4 out of 1st 5
Question : Which US state is known as the Nutmeg State ? Answer : Connecticut
Question : Which US state has the highest divorce rate ? Answer : Arkansas
Question : Which US state has a buffalo or bison on its flag ? Answer : Wyoming
Question : Which US state gets the most overseas visitors ? Answer : California - Florida
Question : Which US state flag is triangular in shape ? Answer : Ohio
Question : Which US state drinks the least beer per capita ? Answer : Utah
Question : Which US sportsman is mentioned in The Old Man and the Sea ? Answer : Joe De Maggio
Question : Which US president twice served as an executioner ? Answer : Grover Cleveland -
Question : Which US place name translates Indian as place of drunkenness ? Answer : Manhattan
Question : Which US city was once named Porkopolis ? Answer : Cincinnati
Question : Which US actor woke up when a elephant crapped on his head ? Answer : William Shatner
Question : Which UK punk group had hits White Riot and London Calling ? Answer : The Clash
Question : Which UK city is the home of the Halle Orchestra ? Answer : Manchester
Question : Which UK artist painted The Rakes Progress in the 1700s ? Answer : William Hogarth
Question : Which type of full moon follows a harvest moon ? Answer : Hunters Moon
Question : Which two vegetables are used in vichyssoise ? Answer : Leek Potato
Question : Which two metals are alloyed to make pewter ? Answer : Tin and Lead
Question : Which two letter word is the most sacred in Hinduism ? Answer : Om
Question : Which two colours are on a semaphore flag ? Answer : Red Yellow
Question : Which TV series was narrated by Walter Winchell ? Answer : The Untouchables
Question : Which TV detective kept his gun in a biscuit jar ? Answer : Jim Rockford
Question : Which TV characters blood pressure was minus 3 ? Answer : Herman Munster
Question : Which TV gangster owns the nightclub called The Ba Da Bing ? Answer : Tony Soprano
Question : Which tree is sacred to Apollo (Daphne changed into one) ? Answer : Laurel
Question : Which tough guy actor was once a drop hammer operator ? Answer : Robert Mitchum
Question : Which toilet fittings name comes from baggage laden pony ? Answer : Bidet
Question : Which timepiece has the most moving parts ? Answer : Egg timer
Question : Which three word catchphrase is most universally recognised ? Answer : Bond James Bond
Question : Which theatre styles name translates as skills or talents ? Answer : Noh
Question : Which tennis winner also won a Winter Olympics silver medal ? Answer : Jaraslav Drobny
Question : Which tennis player was sued by his fan club ? Answer : Jimmy Connors
Question : Which team won five Stanley cups during the 60s ? Answer : Montreal
Question : Which stringed instrument is blown to produce sound ? Answer : Aeolian Harp
Question : Which stars name means chained maiden ? Answer : Andromeda
Question : Which sports trophy was named after Fredrick Arthur ? Answer : Stanley Cup Fred is Lord Stanley
Question : Which sport is played at Roland Garros ? Answer : Tennis in Paris on
Question : Which sport awards the Maurice Podoloff trophy ? Answer : Basketball NBA
Question : Which spirit was once known as kill devil ? Answer : Rum
Question : Which spies name translates as Eye of the Dawn ? Answer : Mata Hari
Question : Which spice is used in a whisky sling ? Answer : Nutmeg
Question : Which spice gives curry its colour ? Answer : Turmeric
Question : Which spice comes in hands ? Answer : Ginger
Question : Which Spanish town is noted for high quality steel swords ? Answer : Toledo
Question : Which Spanish painter has first exhibition at 16 - also 4 year blue ? Answer : Pablo Picasso
Question : Which South American country does not border the Pacific ? Answer : Belize
Question : Which soul singer was Sittin on the Dock of the Bay ? Answer : Otis Redding
Question : Which sort of court case causes the most perjury ? Answer : Contested Divorce
Question : Which song won first Oscar when the category was intro 1934 ? Answer : The Continental
Question : Which song is performed at start Indiana Jones Temple of Doom ? Answer : Anything Goes
Question : Which Somerset Maughn novel is considered autobiographical ? Answer : Of Human Bondage
Question : Which society cared - plague victims when physicians left 1665 ? Answer : Apothecaries
Question : Which skill uses things called chain singles and doubles ? Answer : Crocheting
Question : Which sitcom was set in Dunns River Connecticut ? Answer : Soap
Question : Which singers first band was called The Spiders ? Answer : Alice Cooper
Question : Which singer was known as Little Miss Dynamite ? Answer : Brenda Lee
Question : Which silent films stars contract forbade him smiling on screen ? Answer : Buster Keaton
Question : Which Shakespeare play was originally entitled What You Will ? Answer : Twelfth Night
Question : Which Shakespeare play has an English placename in its title ? Answer : The merry wives of
Question : Which Shakespeare play ends in marriage of Benedict Beatrice ? Answer : Much ado About
Question : Which Shakespeare character had a daughter called Jessica ? Answer : Shylock
Question : Which SF author wrote The Day it Rained Forever ? Answer : Ray Bradbury
Question : Which SF author invented the idea of the com Satellite ? Answer : Arthur C Clark
Question : Which SF author created the character Lazarus Long ? Answer : Robert Heinlein
Question : Which seven letter word in English contains all five vowels ? Answer : Sequoia
Question : Which search engine gets its name from Latin for wolf spider ? Answer : Lycos
Question : Which sea on Earth has no beaches ? Answer : Sargasso sea
Question : Which sea is sometimes called the Euxine Sea ? Answer : Black Sea
Question : Which sea area is immediately south of Ireland ? Answer : Fastnet
Question : Which screenwriter has received the most Oscar nominations ? Answer : Woody Allen
Question : Which Science Fiction author created The Triffids ? Answer : John Wyndom
Question : Which Sanskrit phrase means love story ? Answer : Karma Sutra
Question : Which Saints day is the 23rd April ? Answer : Saint George of
Question : Which Saints day is 1st March ? Answer : David
Question : Which Saint is associated with an eagle in religious art ? Answer : Saint John
Question : Which sailor dreamed of Toasted Cheese in Treasure Island ? Answer : Ben Gunn
Question : Which Roman Emperors name means little boats ? Answer : Caligula
Question : Which Roman Emperor made Sunday a religious holiday ? Answer : Constantine
Question : Which religious festival begins with the sighting of the new moon ? Answer : Ramadan
Question : Which religions name means The way of the Gods ? Answer : Shinto
Question : Which recreational activity causes the most bone fractures ? Answer : Aerobic Dancing
Question : Which record label signed the Rolling Stones in 1991 ? Answer : Virgin
Question : Which record company rejected the Beatles as being past it ? Answer : Decca
Question : Which real person took name meaning Man of Steel ? Answer : Joseph Stalin
Question : Which racing circuit is nicknamed the brickyard ? Answer : Indianapolis
Question : Which quiz program never had contestants only contenders ? Answer : Mastermind
Question : Which Puccini opera featured Nessun Dorma ? Answer : Turendot
Question : Which psychologist invented the terms introvert and extrovert ? Answer : Carl Jung
Question : Which prop item did MGM ban from film sets in the early 50s ? Answer : T V sets
Question : Which profession drinks the most coffee ? Answer : Health care
Question : Which popular cartoon strip has never included an adult ? Answer : Peanuts
Question : Which pop singer was nicknamed The Groover from Vancouver ? Answer : Brian Adams
Question : Which pop singer was Glad to be Gay ? Answer : Tom Robinson
Question : Which pop group were named after the inventor of the seed drill ? Answer : Jethro Tull
Question : Which pop group had the most US No 1 singles in the 70s ? Answer : Abba
Question : Which pop group had a hit with Silence is Golden ? Answer : Tremaloes
Question : Which poet wrote A thing of beauty is a joy forever in Endymion ? Answer : Keats
Question : Which poet wrote "Fools rush in where angels fear to tread" ? Answer : Alexander Pope essay
Question : Which playwrite was nicknamed doc ? Answer : Neil Simon
Question : Which playing card is known as The Devils Bedpost ? Answer : Four of Clubs
Question : Which playing card is called the Curse of Scotland ? Answer : Nine of Diamonds
Question : Which plant gets its name from the Persian for turban ? Answer : Tulip
Question : Which places name means many islands ? Answer : Polynesia
Question : Which place, now an airport, once staged the Grand National ? Answer : Gatwick
Question : Which peoples name translates as eaters of raw flesh ? Answer : Eskimo
Question : Which people used to settle legal disputes by head butting ? Answer : Inuit - Eskimo
Question : Which PC game shares it name with a Bond film character ? Answer : Solitaire
Question : Which part of the human body contains the most gold ? Answer : Toenails
Question : Which part of the body will expand three times when excited ? Answer : Iris
Question : Which part of the body is most sensitive to radiation ? Answer : The Blood
Question : Which part of his body did Charlie Chaplin insure ? Answer : Feet
Question : Which part of a boar is called a wreath ? Answer : Its tail
Question : Which painters work is the most stolen ? Answer : Pablo Picasso
Question : Which painter spent last 4 years of his life on the run for murder ? Answer : Carravagio for murder
Question : Which painter did Hans van Meegeren most fake ? Answer : Vermeer
Question : Which organisation is officially known as Holy Spirit Association ? Answer : Unification Church -
Question : Which organisation has been selling racehorses since 1176 ? Answer : Tattersalls
Question : Which organisation began in a converted toilet in central London ? Answer : Lords cricket
Question : Which order of monks are famous for their silence ? Answer : Trappist
Question : Which orchestral instrument can play the highest note ? Answer : The Violin
Question : Which operas last lines are Mimi. Mimi ? Answer : La Boheme
Question : Which old time TV cop had a middle name of Aloysius ? Answer : Steve McGarret -
Question : Which old English time unit is 1.5 minutes long ? Answer : A Moment
Question : Which of the four Horsemen of the Apocalypse rode a red horse ? Answer : Slaughter
Question : Which of the four Horsemen of Apocalypse is known as Christ ? Answer : War
Question : Which of the Apostles is traditionally pictured with a purse ? Answer : Matthew taxman
Question : Which of Santa's reindeer comes first alphabetically ? Answer : Comet
Question : Which of King Arthur's knights survived his last battle ? Answer : Sir Bedavere
Question : Which of Jesus disciples was the treasurer ? Answer : Judas Escariot
Question : Which of Henry the Eights wives was the widow of elder brother ? Answer : Catherine of Aragon
Question : Which novel opens and closes with the letters of Robert Walton ? Answer : Frankenstein
Question : Which novel has the longest sentence in literature 823 words ? Answer : Les Miserables -
Question : Which Norwegian politicians name became a word for traitor ? Answer : Vidkun Quisling
Question : Which Norse God invulnerable to all else was killed by mistletoe ? Answer : Baldur
Question : Which non alcoholic cordial is made from pomegranates ? Answer : Grenadine
Question : Which Nobel Prize is not awarded annually in Stockholm ? Answer : Peace
Question : Which native Indian tribe never signed a peace treaty US govern ? Answer : Seminoles
Question : Which nationality drinks the most coffee per person per day ? Answer : Sweden
Question : Which nation invented sauerkraut ? Answer : Chinese
Question : Which mythological monster had nine heads ? Answer : Hydra
Question : Which mythological King chained grapes rose water fell ? Answer : Tantalus
Question : Which mythical UK creature becomes an evil boggart if annoyed ? Answer : Brownie
Question : Which musical stage show ( and film ) uses tunes by Borodin ? Answer : Kismet
Question : Which musical instrument was originally called a busine ? Answer : 13th century trumpet
Question : Which musical did the song Send in the Clowns come from ? Answer : A Little Night Music
Question : Which mummified tendon was auctioned at Christies in 1969 ? Answer : Napoleons Penis
Question : Which Mozart opera is subtitled School for Lovers ? Answer : Cosi fan Tuti
Question : Which mountain is called Goddess of the Harvest by the locals ? Answer : Annapurna in Nepal
Question : Which modern artist created the Mother and Child Divided ? Answer : Damien Hurst
Question : Which microbe produces alcohol ? Answer : Yeast - alcohol is
Question : Which meteorological phenomena means "a curl of hair" in Latin ? Answer : Cirrus - clouds
Question : Which metallic element atomic no 83 soothes Gastric Ulcers ? Answer : Bismuth
Question : Which metal is the best conductor of electricity ? Answer : Silver
Question : Which metal gets its name from Swedish for heavy stone ? Answer : Tungsten
Question : Which member of lily family is named from Greek for sprout ? Answer : Asparagus
Question : Which Mediterranean countries orchestra is bigger than its army ? Answer : Monaco
Question : Which medical tool was developed by Sanctorius in 1612 ? Answer : Thermometer
Question : Which materials name comes from the French for rag ? Answer : Chiffon
Question : Which mammal has the fewest teeth ? Answer : Armadillo - none
Question : Which male name means God will judge ? Answer : Daniel
Question : Which male mammals have the highest rate of homosexuality ? Answer : Bats
Question : Which magical city is located in the Valley of the Blue Moon ? Answer : Shangri-La James
Question : Which magazine uses the winged horse Pegasus as it's logo ? Answer : Readers Digest
Question : Which magazine is most often stolen from US libraries ? Answer : Sports Illustrated
Question : Which magazine declared bankruptcy in the early 1990s ? Answer : Success
Question : Which Lombardy town is famed for its cheese ? Answer : Gorgonzola
Question : Which literary prize started in 1968 ? Answer : Booker McConnell
Question : Which literary character takes his name from Latin for nobody ? Answer : Captain Nemo
Question : Which literary character lives at 4 Privet Road ? Answer : Harry Potter
Question : Which letters denote Jesus Nazareth King of the Jews ? Answer : INRI
Question : Which leader lives in the Potola ? Answer : Dalai Lama
Question : Which leader died in St Helena ? Answer : Napoleon Bonaparte
Question : Which language never have spelling contests - spell as sounded ? Answer : Russian
Question : Which King was the intended target of the Gunpowder plot ? Answer : James 1st
Question : Which King was the first to use the Royal We ? Answer : Richard the Lionheart
Question : Which King is known as The Suicide King ? Answer : King of Hearts Sword
Question : Which kind of flower has the most species ? Answer : Orchid
Question : Which key word was removed from the Olympic charter in 1971 ? Answer : Amateur
Question : Which job was so dangerous staff adverts wanted orphans only ? Answer : Pony Express
Question : Which item first appeared in Superior Hotel Montana in 1908 ? Answer : Gideon Bible
Question : Which Italian tractor maker tried making cars in 1960s ? Answer : Ferruchio
Question : Which Italian city is at the heart of its fashion industry ? Answer : Milan
Question : Which islands wildlife is 90% unique ? Answer : Madagascar
Question : Which islands capital is Flying Fish Cove ? Answer : Christmas Island
Question : Which island was the site of the Australian Grand Prix ? Answer : Philip Island
Question : Which island is also known as the apple isle ? Answer : Tasmania
Question : Which island gets its name from the Portuguese for bearded ? Answer : Barbados
Question : Which is the worlds busiest metro system ? Answer : Moscow
Question : Which is the only Shakespeare play not to contain a song ? Answer : The Comedy of Errors
Question : Which is the only middle eastern county without a desert ? Answer : Lebanon
Question : Which is the only bird that drops it's upper eyelid to blink ? Answer : Owl
Question : Which is the oldest walled city in the world ? Answer : Jericho
Question : Which is the earliest US military award for service beyond duty ? Answer : Purple Heart
Question : Which is Shakespeare's shortest play ? Answer : The Comedy of Errors
Question : Which Irish writer appeared on the Irish £10 note ? Answer : James Joyce
Question : Which Irish political parties name translates as we ourselves ? Answer : Sein Fein
Question : Which international companies logo is exactly 42 dots ? Answer : Sony
Question : Which instrument does a cymbalist play ? Answer : Piano
Question : Which insect is the symbol of female potency ? Answer : The Honey Bee
Question : Which insect has the best eyesight ? Answer : Dragonfly
Question : Which industry uses the gravure method ? Answer : Printing
Question : Which human rights organisation founded 1961 got Nobel 1977 ? Answer : Amnesty International
Question : Which Hollywood star has made the cover of Life most times ? Answer : Elizabeth Taylor (11)
Question : Which highwayman rode the horse Black Bess ? Answer : Dick Turpin
Question : Which heroine comes from Amphipolis ? Answer : Xena warrior princess
Question : Which herb did the Romans eat top prevent drunkenness ? Answer : Parsley
Question : Which hats became popular with children in 1956 ? Answer : Davy Crocket
Question : Which group wished it could be Christmas every day ? Answer : Wizard
Question : Which group were originally known as the Russellites ? Answer : Jehovah's Witnesses
Question : Which group were derided as The poor mans Rolling Stones ? Answer : Aerosmith
Question : Which group publishes the most monthly magazines ? Answer : Hearst
Question : Which group of professionals use computer dating the most ? Answer : Teachers
Question : Which group of people first used gold fillings ? Answer : Incas of Peru
Question : Which group of Marvel superheroes fought Doctor Doom ? Answer : Fantastic Four
Question : Which group of hobbyists spend the most money on it ? Answer : Gardeners
Question : Which group of animals are called a cete ? Answer : Badgers
Question : Which group had hits with Fernando and Angelo ? Answer : Brotherhood of Man
Question : Which group had a hit with Mr Tambourine Man ? Answer : The Byrds
Question : Which group had a 1970s UK number one hit with Oh Boy ? Answer : Mud
Question : Which group govern in a plutocracy ? Answer : The most wealthy
Question : Which group believes in The Great Architect of the Universe ? Answer : Freemasons
Question : Which Greek philosopher wrote The Republic and The Laws ? Answer : Plato
Question : Which Greek Philosopher taught at the lyceum ? Answer : Aristotle
Question : Which Greek mountain is consecrated to the muses ? Answer : Helicon
Question : Which Greek hero finally tamed Pegasus ? Answer : Bellerophon
Question : Which Greek astronomer wrote the Almagest ? Answer : Ptolomy
Question : Which Grand Prix driver was also a champion claw pigeon shot ? Answer : Jackie Stewart UK
Question : Which grand prix circuit is only 1.95 miles long ? Answer : Monaco
Question : Which Graham Green book and film had Pinky as the star ? Answer : Brighton Rock
Question : Which golfer was nicknamed Supermex ? Answer : Lee Travino
Question : Which girls name means farseeing ? Answer : Prudence
Question : Which girls name comes from German meaning battle ? Answer : Hilda
Question : Which German word means lightning war used in WW2 ? Answer : Blitzkrieg
Question : Which German city was the setting of Auf Wierdersehn Pet ? Answer : Dusseldorf
Question : Which gas is used in a refrigerator ? Answer : Freon
Question : Which gas discovered in 1898 has a name meaning new ? Answer : Neon
Question : Which garment traditionally contains eight sections of material ? Answer : Kimono
Question : Which garment gets it's name from the Latin to cover ? Answer : Toga
Question : Which gangster escaped from jail using a wooden gun ? Answer : John Dillinger
Question : Which game was illegal in Elizabethan England ? Answer : Bowls
Question : Which game was called Beano till Edwin Lowe renamed it ? Answer : Bingo
Question : Which game is played on an oval with 18 player per team ? Answer : Australian football
Question : Which Game is Played 15 a side and scores 3 or 1 points ? Answer : Gaelic Football
Question : Which game begins when the referee shouts draw ? Answer : Lacrosse
Question : Which fruit is the symbol of hospitality ? Answer : Pineapple
Question : Which fruit contains the most protein ? Answer : Avocado
Question : Which French philosopher hid in alleys mooning passers by ? Answer : Rousseau
Question : Which French philosopher created analytical geometry ? Answer : Rene Decartes
Question : Which French General left Napoleon to become King of Sweden ? Answer : Jean-Baptiste Jules
Question : Which French artist designed ballet sets for Diaghilev ? Answer : Henri Matisse
Question : Which food was rationed after WW2 ended but not during it ? Answer : Bread
Question : Which food item gets its name from the French for melted ? Answer : Fondue
Question : Which food item contains the most residual pesticides ? Answer : Peaches
Question : Which food did Victorians deride as little bags of mystery ? Answer : Sausages
Question : Which flying pioneer was nicknamed the lone eagle ? Answer : Charles Lindbergh
Question : Which Flemish painter produced Adoration of the Kings ? Answer : Brueghel
Question : Which film won the best visual effects Oscar in 1984 ? Answer : Indiana Jones Temple
Question : Which film won the best story Oscar in 1958 ? Answer : The Defiant Ones
Question : Which film won the best story and best song Oscars in 1969 ? Answer : Butch Cassidy and
Question : Which film won the best special effects Oscar in 1961 ? Answer : The Guns of
Question : Which film won the best sound effects Oscar in 1990 ? Answer : Hunt for Red October
Question : Which film won the best sound effects Oscar in 1987 ? Answer : Robocop
Question : Which film won the best song Oscar in 1971 ? Answer : Shaft - The theme
Question : Which film won the best screenplay Oscar in 1970 ? Answer : MASH
Question : Which film won the best makeup Oscar in 1992 ? Answer : Bram Stokers Dracula
Question : Which film star was the first to appear on a postage stamp ? Answer : Grace Kelly
Question : Which film star was described as "A vacuum with nipples" ? Answer : Marilyn Munroe
Question : Which film star used to be a circus acrobat ? Answer : Burt Lancaster
Question : Which film star has his statue in Leicester Square ? Answer : Charlie Chaplin
Question : Which film of the 70s received the most Oscars ? Answer : Cabaret 1972
Question : Which film is the first of the spaghetti westerns ? Answer : A fistful of Dollars
Question : which film had song Springtime for Hitler ? Answer : The Producers
Question : Which film director described actors as cattle ? Answer : Alfred Hitchcock
Question : Which film begins Friday December 11th 2.43pm ? Answer : Psycho
Question : Which fictional character lived at Montague street before moving ? Answer : Sherlock Holmes
Question : Which female name means worth of love ? Answer : Amanda
Question : Which female name means bright or illustrious ? Answer : Clare or Clara
Question : Which fashion designer said - A woman is as old as her knee ? Answer : Mary Quant
Question : Which famous whore said - God is love but get it in writing ? Answer : Gypsy Rose Lee
Question : Which famous ship had a total crew numbering 430 ? Answer : Star ship Enterprise -
Question : Which famous ship and whiskeys name means short underskirt ? Answer : Cutty Sark
Question : which famous person invented the cat flap ? Answer : Isaac Newton
Question : Which famous horse race was won Urban sea, Carnegie, Lammtarra ? Answer : Prix de l'arc de
Question : Which European country is divided into areas called Cantons ? Answer : Switzerland
Question : Which European country eats the most breakfast cereal ? Answer : Britain
Question : Which European city's name means home of the monks ? Answer : Munich or Munchen
Question : Which European city was the bride of the sea ? Answer : Venice
Question : Which European city spends the most on the arts each year ? Answer : Frankfurt
Question : Which European city has the tomb of the three wise men ? Answer : Cologne
Question : Which European airport has the international code LIS ? Answer : Lisbon
Question : Which eponymous character was Thane of Cawder Glaimes ? Answer : Macbeth
Question : Which English word comes from the French for candle ? Answer : Chandelier
Question : Which English speaking country consumes most table wine per ? Answer : Australia
Question : Which English name produces the most nicknames ? Answer : Elizabeth
Question : Which English monarch was first to make Xmas day broadcast ? Answer : George V
Question : Which English Kings armour has the biggest codpiece ? Answer : Henry 8
Question : Which English King was crowned on Christmas day ? Answer : William the
Question : Which English King rode a horse called White Surrey ? Answer : Richard III
Question : Which English King holds the official record of bastards 21 ? Answer : Henry I
Question : Which English King had the most legitimate children (18) ? Answer : Edward I
Question : Which English composer wrote a Sea symphony ? Answer : Ralph Vaughan
Question : Which English brewery has the oldest patent on beer ? Answer : Bass Ale
Question : Which element is extracted from the ore Sphalerite ? Answer : Zinc
Question : Which element is extracted from the ore Scheelite ? Answer : Tungsten
Question : Which early rock singer was nicknamed killer ? Answer : Jerry Lee Lewis
Question : Which duo has won seven Oscars ? Answer : Tom and Jerry
Question : Which drug company manufacture Viagra ? Answer : Pfizer
Question : Which drink was designed as a malaria cure ? Answer : Benedictine
Question : Which drink did Bach enjoy so much he wrote a cantata for it ? Answer : Coffee
Question : Which domesticated pet animal is never mentioned in the Bible ? Answer : Cats
Question : Which dog is named for the German word for muzzle ? Answer : Schnauzer
Question : Which dog breed gets its name from German meaning to splash ? Answer : The Poodle
Question : Which dish gets its name from the French meaning to stir ? Answer : Ratatouille
Question : Which disease was once known as white plague ? Answer : Tuberculosis
Question : Which dinosaurs name translates as double beam ? Answer : Diplodocus
Question : Which dinosaurs name translated as speedy predator ? Answer : Velociraptor
Question : Which dictator preferred 50,000 rifles to 50,000 votes ? Answer : Benito Mussolini
Question : Which Dickens novel is considered an autobiography ? Answer : David Copperfield
Question : Which Dickens novel features Waxford Squears ? Answer : Nicholas Nickleby
Question : Which detective lived in Cabot Cove Maine ? Answer : Jessica Fletcher
Question : Which detective dies in The Final Problem ? Answer : Sherlock Holmes
Question : Which department uses 65% of all paper bought by US gov ? Answer : Defence department
Question : Which decorative art means in Arabic stripped cloth ? Answer : Macramé
Question : Which dancing represents fertility through death and rebirth ? Answer : Morris dancing
Question : Which dancer died in 1927 strangled by scarf on car wheel ? Answer : Isadora Duncan
Question : Which dance means in Portuguese snapping of a whip ? Answer : Lambada
Question : Which creatures name translates as the lizard in Spanish ? Answer : Alligator
Question : Which creatures communicate by touch, smell and dance ? Answer : Bees
Question : Which creature has a carapace and a plastron ? Answer : Turtles shell up low
Question : Which creature appears on the Samoan flag ? Answer : Eagle
Question : Which cowboys middle names were Berry Stapp ? Answer : Wyatt Earp
Question : Which county has the most MEPs 99 ? Answer : Germany
Question : Which country was the first to make seat belts compulsory ? Answer : Czechoslovakia
Question : Which country was the first to issue parking tickets ? Answer : France
Question : Which country was the first to introduce old age pensions ? Answer : Germany
Question : Which country was the first to abolish capitol punishment 1826 ? Answer : Russia Czar Nicholas
Question : Which country set up the world’s first chemistry lab in 1650 ? Answer : Netherlands
Question : Which country produces wine in the Casablanca valley ? Answer : Chile
Question : Which country produces Tokay ? Answer : Hungary
Question : Which country produces the most full length feature films ? Answer : India
Question : Which country owns the Hen and Chicken islands ? Answer : North island New
Question : Which country makes the most films per year ? Answer : India
Question : Which country made the worlds first feature film in 1906 ? Answer : australia story of kelly gang
Question : Which country is named after its highest point ? Answer : Kenya
Question : Which country is due south of Serbia ? Answer : Albania
Question : Which country is alphabetically last ? Answer : Zimbabwe
Question : Which country invented Venetian Blinds ? Answer : Japan
Question : Which country invented the mariners compass ? Answer : China
Question : Which country invented the kilt ? Answer : France
Question : Which country invented the concentration camp ? Answer : Britain - Boer war
Question : Which country invented the clothing button in the 13th century ? Answer : France
Question : Which country invented the bedsprings ? Answer : Greeks
Question : Which country invented French fried potatoes ? Answer : Belgium
Question : Which country introduced the worlds first diesel loco in 1912 ? Answer : Germany
Question : Which country in the world produces the most mangos ? Answer : India
Question : Which country imports the most champagne ? Answer : Great Britain
Question : Which country has the worlds first greyhound racing track ? Answer : USA
Question : Which country has the worlds biggest (on land) National Park ? Answer : Canada - Wood
Question : Which country has the smallest birth rate ? Answer : Vatican City
Question : Which country has the most daily newspapers ? Answer : India
Question : Which country has the most cellular phones per capita ? Answer : Sweden
Question : Which country has the largest orthodox church ? Answer : Russia
Question : Which country has the highest per capita divorce rate ? Answer : 1 Latvia - 2 Russia - 3
Question : Which country has the highest % of women in their legislature ? Answer : Cuba
Question : Which country has no public toilets ? Answer : Peru
Question : Which country has no national monetary unit of it's own ? Answer : Andorra
Question : Which country had the guns of Naverone installed ? Answer : Turkey
Question : Which country had the first women MPs 19 in 1907 ? Answer : Finland
Question : Which country had the first state victims compensation scheme ? Answer : New Zealand in 1960
Question : Which country had The Dauphin as a ruler ? Answer : France
Question : Which country grows the most sugar ? Answer : Brazil
Question : Which country grows the most potatoes ? Answer : Russia
Question : Which country grows the most fruit ? Answer : China
Question : Which country grew the first Orange ? Answer : China
Question : Which country first used the fountain pen ? Answer : Egypt
Question : Which country do Sinologists study ? Answer : China
Question : Which country did the French know as Terra Napoleon ? Answer : Australia
Question : Which country contains every type of climate in the world ? Answer : New Zealand
Question : Which country consumes the most wine per capita 16.7 gal per ? Answer : Luxemburg
Question : Which country consumes the most chicken per capita ? Answer : Saudi Arabia
Question : Which country borders Russia Sweden and Norway ? Answer : Finland
Question : Which country began the tradition of exchanging Xmas gifts ? Answer : Italy
Question : Which country are the current Olympic Rugby Champions 1924 ? Answer : USA
Question : Which countries wine might be labelled DOCG ? Answer : Italy
Question : Which countries translated name means Land of the Eagle ? Answer : Albania
Question : Which countries name translates as place with a great river ? Answer : Paraguay
Question : Which countries name translates as land of the free ? Answer : Thailand
Question : Which countries name comes from the Arawak word for central ? Answer : Cuba
Question : Which countries name come from the wood its first major export ? Answer : Brazil
Question : Which countries men use the most deodorant ? Answer : Japan
Question : Which countries leader was an extra in Hollywood ? Answer : Fidel Castro
Question : Which countries government spends most in social security % ? Answer : Uruguay
Question : Which connects Delft, Sevres, Wedgwood, Chelsea ? Answer : Porcelain
Question : Which composers third symphony is nicknamed the Polish ? Answer : Pytor Illyich
Question : Which composer was nickname the Red Priest ? Answer : Vivaldi
Question : Which company slogan was "We're No 2 We try harder" ? Answer : Avis rent a car
Question : Which company produces PageMaker, Photoshop and Acrobat ? Answer : Adobe
Question : Which company operates the Central Selling Organisation ? Answer : DeBeers - diamonds
Question : Which company manufactures Calvin Kline's Obsession ? Answer : Unilever
Question : Which company launched the first clone of an IBM pc in 1982 ? Answer : Compac
Question : Which company is owned by Bill Gates ? Answer : Microsoft
Question : Which company invented the transistor radio in 1952 ? Answer : Sony
Question : Which company had slogan You don’t win silver you lose gold ? Answer : Nike - 1996 Olympics
Question : Which company developed the Laser Printer ? Answer : Cannon
Question : Which company brewed harp lager ? Answer : Guinness
Question : Which companies name translates as rising sun ? Answer : Hitachi
Question : Which companies name translates as abundant fields ? Answer : Toyota
Question : Which companies logo is based on the legend of cats nine lives ? Answer : Ever Ready
Question : Which companies first product was an electric rice cooker ? Answer : Sony It shocked fired
Question : Which companies first product was an audio oscillator ? Answer : Hewlett Packard
Question : Which common item was banned by law in Bermuda until 1948 ? Answer : Motor Cars
Question : Which comic strip hero shares his name with a town in Turkey ? Answer : Batman
Question : Which comic character was dynamited to death in issue 428 ? Answer : Robin
Question : Which comic character is both a princess and a prince ? Answer : Wonder Woman -
Question : Which comic book hero rode a horse called storm ? Answer : Aquaman storm was a
Question : Which comedian and actors real first name were Leslie Townes ? Answer : Bob Hope
Question : Which coin weighs exactly one Troy ounce ? Answer : Krugerrand
Question : Which Clint Eastwood film has the most killings (65) ? Answer : Where Eagles Dare
Question : Which classical poet said Amor vincet omnia Love Conquers all ? Answer : Virgil
Question : Which classical composer wrote the Hungarian Rhapsody ? Answer : Franz Liszt
Question : Which classical composer wrote Hark the Herald Angels Sing ? Answer : Felix Mendelssohn
Question : Which classic film was called production 9401 during filming ? Answer : Psycho
Question : Which city was superman born in ? Answer : Kryptonopolis
Question : Which city was built in the design of a union flag ? Answer : Khartoum
Question : Which city is the capital of Tuscany ? Answer : Florence
Question : Which city is built on 118 islands ? Answer : Venice
Question : Which city in Rajasthan has riding breeches named after it ? Answer : Jodhpur
Question : Which city has the most homeless cats per square mile ? Answer : Rome
Question : Which city had the world first public bus service ? Answer : Paris
Question : Which cities public transport lost property office is the busiest ? Answer : Tokyo
Question : Which cities name means End of the elephants trunk ? Answer : Khartoum
Question : Which cities name comes from Algonquin meaning traders ? Answer : Ottawa
Question : Which children's character was created by Mary Tourtel ? Answer : Rupert the Bear
Question : Which chess piece could be a member of the church ? Answer : Bishop
Question : Which chemical was introduced to US as a cough suppressant ? Answer : Heroin
Question : Which chemical element is named from the Greek for violent ? Answer : Iodine
Question : Which characters were invented in 1957 in Belgium ? Answer : The Smurfs
Question : Which characters are described as being three apples high ? Answer : The Smurfs
Question : Which character was invented in a comic for Montgomery Ward ? Answer : Rudolf the red nosed
Question : Which character was born in Riverside Iowa ? Answer : James Tiberius Kirk
Question : Which character lived at 3 stable mews City of London ? Answer : John Steed in the
Question : Which character has been played by the most actors ? Answer : Sherlock Holmes
Question : Which character first appeared in the book Call for the Dead ? Answer : George Smiley by
Question : Which character did not appear in the cartoon Star Trek ? Answer : Chekov
Question : Which cathedral has 4440 statues ? Answer : Milan
Question : Which cartoon company is based in Walla Walla Washington ? Answer : Acme in Roadrunner
Question : Which cartoon character was originally pink and called Orsen ? Answer : Tweety Pie
Question : Which cartoon character was originally called egghead ? Answer : Elmer J Fudd
Question : Which cartoon character lives in Sweetwater ? Answer : Popeye's home port
Question : Which cartoon character has a girlfriend named Petunia ? Answer : Porky Pig
Question : Which car company was founded by Sir William Lyons in 1922 ? Answer : Jaguar
Question : Which car company produced the first front wheel drive 1934 ? Answer : Citroen
Question : Which car company manufactured the leganza ? Answer : Daewoo
Question : Which car company makes the Celica ? Answer : Toyota
Question : Which Canadian won the 1957 Nobel Peace Prize for Suez ? Answer : Lester Pearson
Question : Which Canadian city is know as The Steel City ? Answer : Hamilton - Ontario
Question : Which building material gets its name from Arabic for the brick ? Answer : Adobe
Question : Which Bruce made the cover of Time in 1975 ? Answer : Jaws - Bruce was the
Question : Which brother sister won Wimbledon mixed doubles in 1980 ? Answer : John Tracy Austin
Question : Which British poet was also a Jesuit priest ? Answer : Gerald Manley
Question : Which British city had the first pavements (sidewalks) in 1688 ? Answer : Edinburgh in High St
Question : Which British car was the first to sell over 1 million models ? Answer : Morris Minor
Question : Which breed of dog gets its name from the French for earth ? Answer : Terrier
Question : Which boys name means - he who resembles God ? Answer : Michael
Question : Which books chief rival is the Encyclopaedia Galactica ? Answer : Hitchhikers Guide to
Question : Which book of The Bible is also a title of a Bob Marley album ? Answer : Exodus
Question : Which bird turns it head upside down to eat ? Answer : Flamingo
Question : Which bird is the symbol of the Royal Society Protection Birds ? Answer : Avocet
Question : Which biblical prophet was sawn in half inside a hollow log ? Answer : Isaiah
Question : Which Biblical heroes name meant splendid sun ? Answer : Samson
Question : Which beer was advertised as good for you ? Answer : Guinness
Question : Which Beatles song is associated with the Manson family ? Answer : Helter Skelter
Question : Which Beatles song did The Overlanders take to number one ? Answer : Michelle
Question : Which battle was fought at Senlac hill ? Answer : Battle of Hastings
Question : Which award has the words for valour on it ? Answer : Victoria Cross
Question : Which authors personal publishing venture is Philtrum Press ? Answer : Steven King
Question : Which authors first (unsuccessful) book was Inland Voyage ? Answer : Robert Louis
Question : Which authors books are most borrowed from libraries ? Answer : Catherine Cookson
Question : Which author wrote screenplay Bonds You Only Live Twice ? Answer : Roald Dahl
Question : Which author whose name means flowering tree got OBE ? Answer : Ngaio Marsh -
Question : Which author sold most books in the first half of 20th century ? Answer : Edgar Rice Burroughs
Question : Which author published 59 new books in 1955 ? Answer : Enid Blyton
Question : Which author created The Saint (both names) ? Answer : Leslie Charteris
Question : Which author created Fu Manchu ? Answer : Sax Rohmer
Question : Which author created Dick Tracy ? Answer : Chester Gould
Question : Which Australian writer won the Nobel prize in 1973 ? Answer : Patrick White
Question : Which athletic event requires five judges ? Answer : Triple Jump
Question : Which Athenian philosopher wrote nothing - immortalised by Plato ? Answer : Socrates
Question : Which artist painted The Scream ? Answer : Edvard Munch
Question : Which artist painted The Fighting Temeraire ? Answer : Joseph Mallard
Question : Which artist painted sixty two self portraits ? Answer : Rembrandt Van Rinn
Question : Which artist is supposed to have used 1000 greens in painting ? Answer : John Constable
Question : Which artery supplies the kidneys with blood ? Answer : The renal
Question : Which area of water separates India from Sri Lanka ? Answer : Palk Strait
Question : Which annual world championship is held at Coxheath Kent ? Answer : Custard Pie throwing
Question : Which annual sporting event between 2 teams started in 1829 ? Answer : the university boat race
Question : Which animals name comes from Arabic he who walks swiftly ? Answer : Giraffe
Question : Which animals make a sound called nuzzing ? Answer : Camels
Question : Which animals Latin name is Cricetus-cricutus ? Answer : The Hamster
Question : Which animals kill 275 million creature in UK annually ? Answer : Domestic cats
Question : Which animals can live longest without water ? Answer : Rats
Question : Which animal uses white ear spots as identification marks ? Answer : Tiger
Question : Which animal sleeps with one eye open ? Answer : Dolphin
Question : Which animal sleeps on its back ? Answer : Only man or women
Question : Which animal pronks ? Answer : Springbok
Question : Which animal lays eggs ? Answer : Duck billed platypus
Question : Which animal has legs but cant walk ? Answer : Hummingbird
Question : Which American state produces the most potatoes ? Answer : Idaho
Question : Which American state is nicknamed The Diamond State ? Answer : Delaware
Question : Which American state has the motto Esto Perpetua - its forever ? Answer : Idaho (Gem State)
Question : Which American state has the longest borders with Canada ? Answer : Montana
Question : Which American state drinks the most alcohol per person ? Answer : Nevada
Question : Which American poet was also a surgeon ? Answer : Oliver Wendell
Question : Which American Indians modern name in Spanish means village ? Answer : Pueblo
Question : Which American city was named after a British Prime Minister ? Answer : Pittsburgh
Question : Which American city used to be called Yerba Buena ? Answer : San Francisco
Question : Which American city is nicknamed The Birthplace of Aviation ? Answer : Dayton Ohio
Question : Which American author wrote The turn of the Screw ? Answer : Henry James
Question : Which album is on the Billboard top 200 the longest since 1973 ? Answer : Pink Floyd Dark side
Question : Which African country was founded by Americans ? Answer : Liberia
Question : Which actress was the Connecticut state golf champ at age 16 ? Answer : Katherine Hepburn
Question : Which actress was jailed in 1982 for tax evasion ? Answer : Sophia Loren
Question : Which actress starred in the original King Kong in 1933 (both) ? Answer : Fay Wray
Question : Which actress said "Being a sex symbol is like being a convict" ? Answer : Raquel Welch in 1979
Question : Which actress had a job putting cosmetics on corpses ? Answer : Whoopee Goldberg
Question : Which actor/writer born 1939 has the first names John Marwood ? Answer : John Cleese
Question : Which actor wrote the book The Outlaw Trail ? Answer : Robert Redford
Question : Which actor wore an old trenchcoat in one scene in all his films ? Answer : David Niven
Question : Which actor was dubbed the muscles from Brussels ? Answer : Jean Claude Van Dam
Question : Which actor was born in Chiuhauha Mexico ? Answer : Anthony Quinn
Question : Which actor used to sweep out lions cages for a living ? Answer : Sylvester Stallone
Question : Which actor studied as a priest then an architect before acting ? Answer : Anthony Quinn
Question : Which actor refused the leading role in Laurence of Arabia ? Answer : Marlon Brando
Question : Which actor made his debut in the 1958 film Cry Baby Killer ? Answer : Jack Nicholson
Question : Which actor is common to Magnificent 7 and Dirty Dozen ? Answer : Charles Bronson
Question : Which actor has been portrayed most on screen by other actors ? Answer : Charlie Chaplain
Question : Which actor appeared in drag in two Marlene Dietrich films ? Answer : John Wayne
Question : Which acid was first prepared from distilled red ants ? Answer : Formic acid
Question : Which acid gives nettles their sting ? Answer : Formic acid
Question : Which acid dissolves glass ? Answer : Hydrofluoric Acid
Question : Which 80s song is still the most requested at US weddings ? Answer : Endless love
Question : Which 2 countries will host the 2002 Soccer World Cup finals ? Answer : Japan - South Korea
Question : Which 19th century battle UK / USA fought after peace signed ? Answer : Battle of New Orleans
Question : Which 1993 Disney film starred Bet Middler as a witch ? Answer : Hocus Pocus
Question : Which 1977 film won seven Oscars but none for acting ? Answer : Star Wars
Question : Which 1956 film caused riots in cinemas ? Answer : Rock around the clock
Question : Which 1954 film won eight Oscars ? Answer : On the Waterfront
Question : Which 16th century Italian wrote The Prince ? Answer : Machiavelli
Question : Whets the difference between fog and mist ? Answer : Seeing Distance
Question : Whets the correct name for golf club called Texas Wedge ? Answer : Putter
Question : Where, apart from the wild, would you find bulls bears and stags ? Answer : Stock Exchanges
Question : Where would you Wedel ? Answer : Ski slope
Question : Where would you see sprites blur jets and elves ? Answer : Thunderstorm
Question : Where would you see rope, hoop, ball and ribbon used ? Answer : Modern rhythmic
Question : Where would you see CDEFLOPDZ ? Answer : US Eye test chart
Question : Where would you see analog watches showing 10.10 ? Answer : On most watch
Question : Where would you see a stoop or what creature is doing it ? Answer : A falcons diving
Question : Where would you see a pilcrow ? Answer : New paragraph
Question : Where would you have found Binky Inky Pinky and Clyde ? Answer : Pac Man Ghosts
Question : Where would you find your Zygomatic Arch ? Answer : Cheekbone
Question : Where would you find your shank ? Answer : Sole of foot
Question : Where would you find your purlicue ? Answer : Space between thumb
Question : Where would you find your pollers ? Answer : Hands its your thumbs
Question : Where would you find your natal cleft ? Answer : Arse it’s the crack
Question : Where would you find your lunula ? Answer : Fingernail - white part
Question : Where would you find your Glabella ? Answer : Space between your
Question : Where would you find your Coxa ? Answer : Hip Joint
Question : Where would you find your corrugator ? Answer : Your Forehead
Question : Where would you find you columella - or what is it ? Answer : Space between
Question : Where would you find Volans ? Answer : Southern Sky - Const
Question : Where would you find the titmus test ? Answer : ICC cricket test for
Question : Where would you find the stuffing box and sucking rod ? Answer : Oil Well Pump
Question : Where would you find the Spanish steps ? Answer : Rome
Question : Where would you find the Ponte de Sospiri ? Answer : Venice - Bridge of
Question : Where would you find the phrase Annuit Coeptis ? Answer : Dollar Bill God
Question : Where would you find the original Mr Plod ? Answer : Noddy books
Question : Where would you find the Forte and the Foible strong - weak ? Answer : Sword blade - near
Question : Where would you find Saracens Bluestones and Trilithons ? Answer : Stonehenge
Question : Where would you find racettes ? Answer : Lines on wrist in
Question : Where would you find Queen Maud Land ? Answer : Antarctica
Question : Where would you find Puck Miranda and Ariel ? Answer : Circling Uranus
Question : Where would you find pedals a resonator and a piller ? Answer : On a Harp
Question : Where would you find or what are guntlines ? Answer : Rope - groves
Question : Where would you find Lunate Triquetral and Hamate ? Answer : Bones in Wrist
Question : Where would you find lagan ? Answer : In sea overboard
Question : Where would you find Giacomo Marconi airport ? Answer : Bologna
Question : Where would you find bow, bay and traytime parts of what ? Answer : Male deer's antlers
Question : Where would you find bead wires wrapping and sipes ? Answer : On Tyres
Question : Where would you find Argine Esther Judith and Pallas ? Answer : Pack of cards -
Question : Where would you find an Orcadian ? Answer : Orkney Islands
Question : Where would you find an Oculus ? Answer : Dome central opening
Question : Where would you find an intrados ? Answer : Inside curve of arch
Question : Where would you find an ideo locator ? Answer : Map - You are here
Question : Where would you find a Walloon ? Answer : South Belgium -
Question : Where would you find A Wall The white line and Bars ? Answer : Horses foot
Question : Where would you find a Terret ? Answer : Dogs Collar - ring
Question : Where would you find a Taoiseach ? Answer : Eire - Head of State
Question : Where would you find a Rocker, Eight, Loop and Three ? Answer : Figures in Ice Skating
Question : Where would you find a porcelator ? Answer : Sink - it’s the top
Question : Where would you find A Pope Empress Hermit and Juggler ? Answer : They are Tarot Cards
Question : Where would you find a planchette ? Answer : Oiuja board indicator
Question : Where would you find a pintle ? Answer : Hinge - it’s the pin
Question : Where would you find a parlour, scriptorium, dorter and cellarium ? Answer : A Monastery
Question : Where would you find a Mott Bailey and Keep ? Answer : A Castle
Question : Where would you find a Mihrab ? Answer : Mosque Niche show
Question : Where would you find a howdah ? Answer : Back of Elephant
Question : Where would you find a gemshorn ? Answer : On an Organ
Question : Where would you find a gambrel ? Answer : On a horse it’s a
Question : Where would you find a Fumerole or Solfatara ? Answer : Hole side Volcano
Question : Where would you find a Dry Bible ? Answer : Heart chamber of a
Question : Where would you find a crossjack and a spanker ? Answer : Sailing ship there sails
Question : Where would you find a corbicula ? Answer : Honey bee - sacks
Question : Where would you find a coiffe or muselet ? Answer : Bottle wire cork hold
Question : Where would you find a coffin joint ? Answer : Horses foot
Question : Where would you find a canton, halyard and field ? Answer : On a Flag
Question : Where would you find a breast, fore, spring and after spring ? Answer : 4 of 6 mooring lines
Question : Where would you find a Bonnet, Course, Dabbler and Driver ? Answer : Ship they are sails
Question : Where would you find a bema narthex and apse ? Answer : In a Basilica
Question : Where would you buy a Steinlager beer ? Answer : New Zealand
Question : Where would you be if you landed at Santa Cruz airport ? Answer : Bombay
Question : Where would you find line of Mars - Girdle of Venus ? Answer : Palm - lines in
Question : Where would a soldier wear a Havelock ? Answer : Head in Desert
Question : Where will the 2002 Winter Olympics be held ? Answer : Salt Lake - USA
Question : Where were the worlds first paved streets ? Answer : Rome 170 bc
Question : Where were the original loopholes ? Answer : Castle walls - arrow
Question : Where were the first winter Olympics held in 1924 ? Answer : Charmonix France
Question : Where were the first glass mirrors made in Europe circa 1300 ? Answer : Venice
Question : Where were the first European coffee houses opened ? Answer : Vienna
Question : Where were the 1964 winter Olympics held ? Answer : Innsbruck Austria
Question : Where were the 1952 Olympics held ? Answer : Helsinki
Question : Where were the 1952 Olympic games held ? Answer : Helsinki
Question : Where were Panama hats first made ? Answer : Peru
Question : Where were Chinese Checkers invented ? Answer : England
Question : Where were Belgian waffles invented ? Answer : Luxembourg
Question : Where were bagpipes invented ? Answer : Iran - then Persia
Question : Where was/is the original Penthouse ? Answer : In a Real Tennis Court
Question : Where was volleyball invented ? Answer : France
Question : Where was the worlds first water clock invented ? Answer : Peking
Question : Where was the worlds first televised baseball game ? Answer : Tokyo
Question : Where was the worlds first supermarket built (country) ? Answer : France
Question : Where was the worlds first oil well drilled ? Answer : Pennsylvania
Question : Where was the worlds first air raid in 1849 from hot air balloons ? Answer : Venice
Question : Where was the original Crystal Palace built ? Answer : Hyde Park in London
Question : Where was the Hesperus wrecked ? Answer : Massachusetts
Question : Where was the first public library opened in 1747 ? Answer : Warsaw Poland
Question : Where was the first Pony Express set up ? Answer : Outer Mongolia
Question : Where was the first police force established in 1667 ? Answer : Paris
Question : Where was the first Miss World contest held in 1951 ? Answer : London
Question : Where was the canning process for fish first developed ? Answer : Sardinia
Question : Where was the battle of Hastings fought ? Answer : Senlac hill
Question : Where was Robinson Crusoe's home, according to the book ? Answer : York
Question : Where was Rin Tin Tin set ? Answer : Fort Apache - Arizona
Question : Where was pizza first invented ? Answer : Milan
Question : Where was Oceanus Hopkins born in 1620 ? Answer : On the Mayflower
Question : Where was Napoleon born ? Answer : Ajaccio - Corsican capitol
Question : Where was Mark Twain born ? Answer : Florida - Missouri
Question : Where was Keanu Reeves born ? Answer : Beirut - Lebanon
Question : Where was Ice Cream invented ? Answer : China
Question : Where was Holmes pal Dr Watson wounded during the war ? Answer : Shoulder
Question : Where was Harry Houdini born ? Answer : Budapest Hungary
Question : Where was Freddie Mercury born ? Answer : Zanzibar
Question : Where was Bonnie Prince Charlie born ? Answer : Rome
Question : Where was Bob Dylan born ? Answer : Duluth Minnesota
Question : Where was Bacardi originally made ? Answer : Cuba
Question : Where or what is a birds lore ? Answer : Space between eye
Question : Where on your body would you find your Rasceta ? Answer : Creases on inside of
Question : Where on your body are the most sweat glands ? Answer : Feet
Question : Where on the human body is the skin the thinnest ? Answer : Eye
Question : Where on a woman is her J spot ? Answer : Nape of the neck
Question : Where might you spend a Won ? Answer : North or South Korea
Question : Where might you spend a Ceti - Capital Accra ? Answer : Ghana
Question : Where is your zygomatic bone ? Answer : Cheek
Question : Where is your Puricle ? Answer : Space thumb extended
Question : Where is your Popliteal Fossa ? Answer : Back of Knee
Question : Where is the worlds oldest university ? Answer : Fez Morocco -
Question : Where is the world's oldest belltower AD 1069 ? Answer : St Benedict's Church
Question : Where is the worlds largest mine ? Answer : Carletonville South
Question : Where is the worlds largest gold depository ? Answer : federal reserve bank manhattan
Question : Where is the worlds largest gay festival held annually ? Answer : Sydney gay Mardi
Question : Where is the worlds largest Chinese settlement outside Asia ? Answer : San Francisco -
Question : Where is the worlds largest bullfighting ring ? Answer : Mexico City
Question : Where is the US masters golf tournament always played ? Answer : Augusta Georgia
Question : Where is the TV space alien ALF from ? Answer : Melmac
Question : Where is the Star Fleet Academy located ? Answer : San Francisco
Question : Where is the Salvador Dali museum located ? Answer : St Petersburg Florida
Question : Where is The Popliteal Fossa ? Answer : Back of Knee
Question : Where is the original Spa ? Answer : Liege Belgium
Question : Where is the only digital rolex watch in the world ? Answer : Wimbledon centre
Question : Where is the oldest known restaurant in the world ? Answer : Madrid
Question : Where is the largest church in the world ? Answer : Vatican in Rome
Question : Where is the Isle of Pelicans ? Answer : Alcatraz
Question : Where is the Greyhound Racing Hall of Fame located ? Answer : Abilene Kansas
Question : Where is the grave of Oscar Schindler ? Answer : Jerusalem
Question : Where is the fourth most popular place on a ship to have sex ? Answer : The lifeboat
Question : Where is the dirtiest skin on your body ? Answer : The face
Question : Where is the busiest highway in the USA - It’s a bridge ? Answer : New York's George
Question : Where is the base city for Porsche cars ? Answer : Stuttgart Germany
Question : Where is Landino spoken ? Answer : Spain by Spanish
Question : Where is Kloster beer brewed ? Answer : Thailand
Question : Where is King Arthur supposed to be resting ? Answer : Avalon
Question : Where is Judge Dread a judge ? Answer : Mega City
Question : Where is John Frost bridge shown on A Bridge too Far ? Answer : Arnham - it was
Question : Where is David Livingstone Buried (Two Places / countries) ? Answer : Westminster Abby /
Question : Where is Bonnie Prince Charlie buried ? Answer : Rome
Question : Where is a sumo wrestling tournament held ? Answer : A Basho
Question : Where is a horses poll ? Answer : Between its ears
Question : Where in your body is your patella ? Answer : knee
Question : Where in your body is the labyrinth ? Answer : Ear
Question : Where in the world would you find Cumbum ? Answer : India
Question : Where in the world is Radwick racecourse situated ? Answer : Sydney Australia
Question : Where in the world can you see the sun rise Pacific set Atlantic ? Answer : Panama on Isthmus
Question : Where in the world can you find Friday before Thursday ? Answer : In a Dictionary
Question : Where in the world are the most roses grown ? Answer : Texas
Question : Where in the US by law do you not have to pay taxes ? Answer : An Indian Reservation
Question : Where in the body is the labrynth ? Answer : Ear
Question : Where in France do claret wines come from ? Answer : Bordeaux
Question : Where in Europe can you find wild monkeys ? Answer : Gibraltar
Question : Where in Canada is its Dildo ? Answer : Newfoundland Town
Question : Where in Australia were British satellites launched in early 70s ? Answer : Woomera
Question : Where in a woman would you find the pisiform bone ? Answer : Wrist
Question : Where does the word COP come from ? Answer : Constable on Patrol
Question : Where does the spice saffron come from ? Answer : The Crocus
Question : Where does the dollar sign come from ? Answer : U on S bottom U
Question : Where does the American flag fly 24 / 7 never taken down ? Answer : Moon
Question : Where does the abbreviation for pound lb come from ? Answer : Libra the scales
Question : Where do they speak Malagasy ? Answer : Madagascar
Question : Where do the White and Blue Niles join ? Answer : Khartoum - in Sudan
Question : Where do the natives speak tagalog ? Answer : Philippines
Question : Where do men play each year for the Challenge Cup ? Answer : Wimbledon
Question : Where do Cuckoo clocks come from ? Answer : Black Forest Germany
Question : Where do boy scout leaders get their names from ? Answer : The Jungle Book -
Question : Where did you see Fancy, Spook and Choo-Choo ? Answer : In Top Cat
Question : Where did you play with Ben, Pauline and Michele ? Answer : Microsoft Windows
Question : Where did you find Shadow Speedy Bashful Pokey ? Answer : Pac man Blinky Pinky
Question : Where did you find cherry strawberry orange apple grape bird ? Answer : Pac Man speed up
Question : Where did we see a snorkasaurus ? Answer : Flintstones it was
Question : Where did we meet Newkirk, Carter, LeBeau and Kinchlow ? Answer : Hogan's Heroes
Question : Where did the Pied Piper play ? Answer : Hamlin
Question : Where did the philosopher Plato teach ? Answer : Academia
Question : Where did the mutineers of the Bounty settle ? Answer : Pitcairn Islands
Question : Where did the group 10cc get their name ? Answer : Average sperm in
Question : Where did the British Brown Bess musket get its name ? Answer : Thin line of uniform
Question : Where did the Angel falls get its name ? Answer : Pilot Jimmy Angel
Question : Where did the ancient Egyptians paint pictures of their enemies ? Answer : Foot of Sandals
Question : Where did Spam get its name ? Answer : Spiced Ham
Question : Where did Mathias Rust land his Cessna in 1987 ? Answer : Red Square Moscow
Question : Where did John Lenon marry Yoko Ono (place name) ? Answer : Gibraltar - Flew from
Question : Where did Jim Morrison die ? Answer : Bath - in Paris hotel
Question : Where did Indian ink originally come from ? Answer : China
Question : Where did Hamlet send his girlfriend Ophelia ? Answer : A Nunnery
Question : Where did doughnuts originate ? Answer : Holland
Question : Where did Cajun music originate ? Answer : Louisiana
Question : Where could you spend your Tala - Capital Apia ? Answer : Samoa
Question : Where could you spend your Gourde ? Answer : Haiti
Question : Where could you spend a Sol ? Answer : Peru
Question : Where could you spend a Rufiyya - Capital Male ? Answer : Maldives
Question : Where could you spend a Metical - capital Maputo ? Answer : Mozambique
Question : Where could you spend a Markka ? Answer : Finland
Question : Where could you spend a Lempira ? Answer : Honduras
Question : Where could you spend a Kyat ? Answer : Burma
Question : Where could you spend a guarani ? Answer : Paraguay
Question : Where could you spend a Dram - Capital Yerevan ? Answer : Armenia
Question : Where could you see or do an Ollie and a McTwist ? Answer : Skateboarding
Question : Where could you see a likeness of Pharaoh Khafres head ? Answer : On the Sphinx
Question : Where could you legally flash your dong - then spend it ? Answer : Vietnam currency
Question : Where could you hear the Cuckoo Song ? Answer : Laurel Hardy film
Question : Where could you have a kip - then spend it ? Answer : Laos its currency
Question : Where could you find The round window and The oval window ? Answer : In the human ear
Question : Where could you find the Lutine Bell ? Answer : Lloyds of London
Question : Where could you find a rundle ? Answer : Ladder - it’s a rung
Question : Where could you find a 1925 humpmobile car ? Answer : Back of a US $10 bill
Question : Where can you see Ada Byron ? Answer : Woman on Microsoft
Question : Where can you find London bridge today ? Answer : arizona
Question : Where can you find Clippit ? Answer : Excel help assistant
Question : Where can you drive your car on the Nippon Clip On ? Answer : Auckland Harbour
Question : Where can you buy a copy of Penguin News ? Answer : Falkland Islands
Question : Where can Americans always see the time as 4.10 ? Answer : $100 bill
Question : Where are you most likely to have a serious accident ? Answer : In your home
Question : Where are you if you land at Norman Manley airport ? Answer : Kingston Jamaica
Question : Where are the most expensive seats at a bullfight ? Answer : Shade - Sombra
Question : Where are the Luxemburg gardens ? Answer : Paris
Question : Where are the grapes for the wine Lacrima Christi grown ? Answer : Mount Vesuvious
Question : Where are the glasshouse mountains ? Answer : Queensland Australia
Question : Where are the Canarie Islands situated ? Answer : Atlantic Ocean
Question : Where are Gene Roddenberrys ashes ? Answer : Sent into Space
Question : Where are Bay of Heats and Bay of Dew Sinus Aestuum - Roris ? Answer : Near side of Moon
Question : Where are a whales nipples ? Answer : On its back
Question : Where are a crickets ears located ? Answer : Front legs
Question : Where - accident 1953 - motor sport killed 83 spectators ? Answer : Le Mans
Question : When is Superman's birthday ? Answer : 29th February
Question : When is St Swithens day ? Answer : 15th July
Question : When introduced they were pockets for men only - what were ? Answer : Handbags
Question : When Harrison Ford was The Fugitive who was the lawman ? Answer : Tommy Lee Jones
Question : When does a Bride walk up the Aisle ? Answer : Never Aisles at side
Question : When Dino was Fred's pet what was Barney's called ? Answer : Hoppy a Hoparoo
Question : When are you most likely to see a penumbra ? Answer : During an Eclipse
Question : When a satellite is closest to Earth its position is called what ? Answer : Perigee
Question : What's was the nickname of New York's 28th street in 1920s ? Answer : Tin Pan Alley
Question : What's unusual about the moons of Uranus ? Answer : Named Shakespeare
Question : What's unusual about the ink used to print money ? Answer : It's magnetic
Question : What's unusual about portrait Duke of Monmouth in Nat Gallery ? Answer : Its not him
Question : What's unusual about phone directory in Iceland ? Answer : Alphabetical by
Question : What's unusual about evangelist Amy Semple McPhersons coffin ? Answer : Contains Telephone
Question : What's unusual about Ernest Vincent Wrights 50,000 word novel ? Answer : No letter E
Question : What's unusual about a bobhouse ? Answer : Its on skis
Question : What's the worlds longest rail journey made no train change ? Answer : Moscow Peking
Question : What's the worlds largest selling designer clothing range ? Answer : Ralph Lauren
Question : What's the words most popular brand of malt whisky ? Answer : Glenfiddich
Question : What's the word for the luminous mist that surrounds a saint ? Answer : Nimbus
Question : What's the word for the front of a dogs chest and joint of beef ? Answer : Brisket
Question : What's the US equivalent to the Department of Health in the UK ? Answer : Surgeon General
Question : What's the triangular Indian pasty containing spiced meat ? Answer : Samosa
Question : What's the term for the geographical dividing line N/S Korea ? Answer : 38th Parallel
Question : What's the other name for the statue of Egyptian god Harmachis ? Answer : The Sphinx
Question : What's the only movie Alfred Hitchcock make twice ? Answer : The man who knew
Question : What's the only crime that the church would not grant sanctuary ? Answer : Sacrilege
Question : What's the only city today split in two by a wall ? Answer : Nicosia Cyprus
Question : What's the name of the worlds first National theatre Paris 1680 ? Answer : Comedie Francaise
Question : What's the name of the technique for measuring at a distance ? Answer : Telemetry
Question : What's the name of the Bar Restaurant in the TV show Quincy ? Answer : Danny's
Question : What's the name of Disney's Little Mermaid ? Answer : Aerial
Question : What's the most unusual official sporting event in China ? Answer : Granade Throwing
Question : What's the most popular name for a male pet cat ? Answer : Tiger
Question : What's the most popular name for a female pet cat ? Answer : Samantha
Question : What's the more common name of the thyroid cartilage ? Answer : Adams Apple
Question : What's the more common name of the Crux Gammata ? Answer : Swastika
Question : What's the more common name for prepatellar bursitis ? Answer : Housemaids Knee
Question : What's the main feature of a Chong Sang skirt ? Answer : Split up side
Question : What's the difference between sleeping gorillas and men ? Answer : Gorillas don’t snore
Question : What's the correct name for a young un-bred male fur seal ? Answer : Batchelor
Question : What's the correct name for a male turkey ? Answer : Tom
Question : What's the collective noun for a group of gulls ? Answer : Colony
Question : What's the biggest source of pollution in Lake Ontario ? Answer : Lake Erie
Question : What's the Australian slang name female man trainee sheep farm ? Answer : Jillaroo
Question : What's still legal in Paraguay if the participants are blood doners ? Answer : Duelling
Question : What's round in London and Paris but Square in New York ? Answer : Underground / metro /
Question : What's parts include barbican, oilette and donjon ? Answer : A Castle
Question : What's name translates from Chinese as white vegetable ? Answer : Bok choy
Question : What's most commonly used password on computer systems ? Answer : Password
Question : What's missing from ale that’s included in beer ? Answer : Hops
Question : What's is the correct name for a female Badger ? Answer : Sow
Question : What's involved in 20% of car accidents in Sweden ? Answer : A moose
Question : What's in 5 groups Today Arts People Well being Outdoors ? Answer : Classifications Girl
Question : What's capital of The Peoples Democratic Republic of Yemen ? Answer : Aden
Question : What’s the only alt therapy fully recognised Western medicine ? Answer : Osteopathy
Question : What, specifically, won’t Meatloaf do for love ? Answer : Screw Around
Question : What, according the Mark Twain, is a stomach Steinway ? Answer : Accordion
Question : What Zimbabwe beer is named after a river ? Answer : Zambezi
Question : What X rated movie won an Oscar ? Answer : Midnight Cowboy
Question : What WW2 resistance movements name is Italian for thicket ? Answer : Maquis
Question : What WW II British medal carries the words For Gallantry ? Answer : George Cross
Question : What writer was paid $5 for writing thanks ? Answer : Rudyard Kipling
Question : What writer lived at hilltop near Hawkshead now museum to her ? Answer : Beartrix Potter
Question : What would you use you zygomaticus muscle for ? Answer : Smiling
Question : What would you put on your escutcheon - if you had one ? Answer : Coat of Arms
Question : What would you find on Pink Sheets ? Answer : Bid Asked prices
Question : What would you find in a vivarium ? Answer : Snakes
Question : What would you expect to see at Santa Pod ? Answer : Drag Racing
Question : What would you expect to find in a binnacle ? Answer : Ships compass
Question : What would you expect in a Japanese No Pan Kissa restaurant ? Answer : Mirror floor
Question : What would you do with your koko in Japan ? Answer : Play it - Musical
Question : What would you do with or what is a millers thumb ? Answer : Eat it - type of fish
Question : What would you do with an Edzell blue ? Answer : Eat it - it’s a potato
Question : What would you do with a Yashmak ? Answer : wear it
Question : What would you do with a wandering sailor ? Answer : Plant it it’s a plant
Question : What would you do with a soft cock ? Answer : Wear it - it’s a wig
Question : What would you do with a Romeo's Rouser ? Answer : Drink it - its a real ale
Question : What would you do with a nan prick in Thailand ? Answer : Eat it - It’s a hot sauce
Question : What would you do with a naked lady ? Answer : Plant it - its
Question : What would you do with a maris piper ? Answer : eat it
Question : What would you do with a hecklephone ? Answer : Play it - type of
Question : What would you do with a drupe ? Answer : Eat it - it’s a fruit
Question : What would you do with a celesta ? Answer : Play it - percussion
Question : What would you do with a blue willie ? Answer : Raise it - it’s a flag
Question : What would you do if someone gave you a Twank ? Answer : Drink it - it's tea
Question : What would you do at a table in Greece ? Answer : Banking it’s a bank
Question : What would you buy in a Manitee length ? Answer : Pearls - a 24 inch
Question : What would you be watching if you saw a round or waggledance ? Answer : Honey Bees
Question : What would you be if you were a coryphée ? Answer : Ballet Dancer
Question : What would the ancient Greeks do with an Apodesm ? Answer : Wear it type of bra
Question : What would be happening if you suffered from canitis ? Answer : Greying Hair
Question : What would an Irishman do with his shone ? Answer : Cut Peat
Question : What would an antipyrhettic drug be used for ? Answer : Reduce temperature
Question : What would an anemometer measure ? Answer : Wind Speed
Question : What would a Scotsman do with a spurtle ? Answer : eat porridge
Question : What would a rhinotillexomaniac be doing ? Answer : Picking their nose
Question : What would a nidologist be interested in ? Answer : Birds nests
Question : What would a German do with a Gravenstein ? Answer : Eat it - a yellow apple
Question : What world capital city is heated by volcanic springs ? Answer : Reykjavik (Iceland)
Question : What word the highest string on an instrument and a mushroom ? Answer : Chanterelle
Question : What word starts and ends with und ? Answer : Underground
Question : What word spelled the same French, English, German, Swedish ? Answer : Taxi
Question : What word originally meant a dark cosmetic eye powder ? Answer : Alcohol from Al
Question : What word is spelled out in Morse by - .. - dash dot dot dash ? Answer : TIT
Question : What word is in 1200 different languages without changing ? Answer : Amen
Question : What word is derived from the Arabic mawsim meaning season ? Answer : Monsoon
Question : What word in English has the most synonyms ? Answer : Drunk
Question : What word in English has the most definitions ? Answer : Set
Question : What word from the Persian means perfumed ? Answer : Attar
Question : What word for a cigar type is also Italian for a small loaf ? Answer : Panatela
Question : What word do Alaskan sled drivers shout to move their teams ? Answer : Hike not Mush
Question : What word did non-English speakers say sounded prettiest ? Answer : Diarrhoea
Question : What word describes one tenth of a nautical mile ? Answer : Cable
Question : What word could Ernie Bilko not say without stuttering ? Answer : Million
Question : What word comes from the Latin phrase to crowd together ? Answer : Constipation Con Sta
Question : What word comes from Arabic means reunion of broken parts ? Answer : Algebra
Question : What word come from the Latin phrase "to be ashamed of" ? Answer : Pudenda
Question : What word can mean a RC prayer Blood Clot extra calendar day ? Answer : Embolism
Question : What word can go before Work Yard Laying Bat to make others ? Answer : Brick
Question : What word can be added to Fae, Fen, Bil, Goose to make fruit ? Answer : Berry
Question : What word appears over 46000 times in the Bible ? Answer : And
Question : What word appears in more film titles than any other ? Answer : Love
Question : What word - last arrow in archery contest or the final outcome ? Answer : Upshot
Question : What wood was the cross supposed to be made of ? Answer : Mistletoe
Question : What wood is plywood mostly made from ? Answer : Birch
Question : What wondrous creation was built by Sostratus of Cnidos ? Answer : Pharos of Alexandria
Question : What woman has the most statues of her ? Answer : Joan of Arc 40000
Question : What Wimbledon single champ had a part in a John Wayne film ? Answer : Anthea Gibson Lukey
Question : What Wimbledon finalist (loser 1879) murdered his wife ? Answer : St Leger Gould
Question : What whisky brand was advertised with two terrier dogs ? Answer : Black & White
Question : What were volitos first demonstrated in Soho London in 1823 ? Answer : Roller Skates
Question : What were Twinkletoes - Lucky Jim (stuffed cats) first to do ? Answer : Fly across Atlantic
Question : What were Tricity Triumph, Kelvinator, Lec De Lux ? Answer : Refrigerators
Question : What were the wicks in the Vestal Virgins lamps made from ? Answer : Asbestos
Question : What were the old hecklers in the Muppet show named after ? Answer : New York Hotels
Question : What were the first tennis balls stuffed with ? Answer : Human Hair
Question : What were the first false teeth made from ? Answer : Ivory
Question : What were H47 and L12 that collided causing deaths in 1920s ? Answer : Submarines
Question : What were early diaphragms IUD - Dutch cap made from ? Answer : Orange skin - Half an
Question : What were Cinderella's slippers originally made from ? Answer : Fur - changes to glass
Question : What were China 14 Raduga 14 Himwari 3 ? Answer : Orbiting satellites
Question : What welsh singer used to work as a condom tester ? Answer : Shirley Bassey
Question : What well known Russian author was also a doctor ? Answer : Anton Chekov
Question : What weight is the lightest in Amateur Boxing ? Answer : Light Flyweight
Question : What weapon was invented by Ernest Swinton used in 1916 ? Answer : Tank
Question : What weapon is named from musical instrument inv Bob Burns ? Answer : Bazooka
Question : What weapon is known as the gun that won the west ? Answer : Winchester rifle
Question : What was/is the giant Musashi built in Japan in 1974 ? Answer : A Crane
Question : What was Woody Allen's first film as writer/actor ? Answer : What's New Pussycat
Question : What was Winston Churchill's favourite participation sport ? Answer : Polo
Question : What was Winston Churchill's codename during WW2 ? Answer : Agent
Question : What was Walt Disney's middle name ? Answer : Elias
Question : What was Walt Disney's first cartoon character ? Answer : Oswald the Rabbit
Question : What was voted toy of the 20th century ? Answer : Lego
Question : What was voted the best monopoly piece in 1998 ? Answer : The Car
Question : What was Vivian Leigh’s character won Oscar in her 30s ? Answer : Blanche Dubois
Question : What was Vivaldi's profession apart from composing ? Answer : Priest
Question : What was Vincent Price's first horror film ? Answer : House of Wax
Question : What was used before the baton was invented to conduct ? Answer : A Violin Bow
Question : What was used at Wimbledon for the first time in 1986 ? Answer : Yellow tennis balls
Question : What was used at Wimbledon for the first time in 1971 ? Answer : Tie Break System
Question : What was unusual about Tyrell's car in the 1976 Spanish G Prix ? Answer : Six Wheels
Question : What was unusual about the Gossamer Albatross aeroplane ? Answer : Man (pedal) powered
Question : What was unusual about the drawings of artist Cesar Ducornet ? Answer : Drawn with feet - he
Question : What was unusual about Joe Davis the World Snooker Champ ? Answer : Blind in one eye
Question : What was unusual - beauty contest judge Percy Moorby 1985 ? Answer : He was Blind
Question : What was unique about Pope Adrian IV ? Answer : Englishman Nicholas
Question : What was unique about all the mens foil winners 1952 Olympics ? Answer : All Left Handed
Question : What was Thin Lizzies first hit in 1973 ? Answer : Whiskey in the Jar
Question : What was the worlds highest structure until 1930 ? Answer : Eiffel Tower
Question : What was the worlds first X rated cartoon ? Answer : Fritz the cat
Question : What was the worlds first televised murder ? Answer : Ruby killing Oswald
Question : What was the worlds first patented synthetic food in 1869 ? Answer : Margarine
Question : What was the worlds first passenger jet aircraft ? Answer : Comet
Question : What was the world's first computer bug in 1946 ? Answer : A moth
Question : What was the world’s first high level programming language 1957 ? Answer : IBM FORTRAN
Question : What was the working title of the TV series Dallas ? Answer : Houston
Question : What was the White House formerly known as ? Answer : Executive Mansion
Question : What was the Troggs most famous hit ? Answer : Wild Thing
Question : What was the traditional ancient Persian new years day gift ? Answer : Eggs
Question : What was the top grossing film of the 60s ? Answer : The Sound of Music
Question : What was the top film of 1990 ? Answer : Home Alone
Question : What was the Titanic's last port of call ? Answer : Queenstown Cobh
Question : What was the third leading cause of death in 1900 ? Answer : Diarrhoea
Question : What was the theme song of the film The Grapes of Wrath ? Answer : Red River Valley
Question : What was the theme music to The Exorcist ? Answer : Tubular Bells - Mike
Question : What was the surname of the family in The Grapes of Wrath ? Answer : Joad
Question : What was the subtitle of Police Academy Six ? Answer : City Under Siege
Question : What was the subject of the first book printed in England ? Answer : Chess
Question : What was the Soviet Vostok 3 space flight the first to do ? Answer : Send back TV
Question : What was the shoulder patch US Army 45th in WW2 ? Answer : Swastika
Question : What was the sequel to The Rocky Horror Picture Show ? Answer : Shock Treatment
Question : What was the second colour film to win best picture Oscar 1951 ? Answer : An American in Paris
Question : What was the Rolling Stones first no 1 hit ? Answer : Its all over now
Question : What was the recently closed Wembley Stadium called in 1923 ? Answer : The Empire Stadium
Question : What was the punishment in Ancient Rome for water pollution ? Answer : 100 lashes
Question : What was the police chiefs name in the first two Jaws films ? Answer : Martin Brody
Question : What was the original scumbag ? Answer : Condom
Question : What was the original meaning of the word harlot ? Answer : Tramp
Question : What was the original filling of the savaloy sausage ? Answer : Pigs Brains
Question : What was the only remake to win the best picture Oscar ? Answer : Ben Hur
Question : What was the only horror film nominated best film Oscar ? Answer : The Exorcist in 1973
Question : What was the only film about Vietnam made during the war ? Answer : The Green Berets
Question : What was the name of William Tells son (the apple head boy) ? Answer : Walter
Question : What was the name of Thomas Jefferson's home ? Answer : Montecello
Question : What was the name of the skunk in Bambi ? Answer : Flower
Question : What was the name of the ship that brought Dracula to England ? Answer : Demeter
Question : What was the name of the shepherd that got Tremponina Pallidium ? Answer : Syphilus
Question : What was the name of the saloon in Gunsmoke ? Answer : Longbranch
Question : What was the name of the Roman God of sleep ? Answer : Somnos
Question : What was the name of the regimental tune of the 7th cavalry ? Answer : Garryowen
Question : What was the name of the pub in The Dukes of Hazard ? Answer : Boars Nest
Question : What was the name of the plantation in Gone with the Wind ? Answer : Tara
Question : What was the name of the old man in The Old Man and the Sea ? Answer : Santiago
Question : What was the name of the Monkeys only film made in 1969 ? Answer : Head
Question : What was the name of the last silent movie made 1929 ? Answer : The Four Feathers
Question : What was the name of the Jester in As You Like It ? Answer : Touchstone
Question : What was the name of the horse in Animal Farm ? Answer : Boxer
Question : What was the name of the horse before Silver in lone ranger ? Answer : Dusty
Question : What was the name of the high school in the movie Grease ? Answer : Rydell
Question : What was the name of the first Wings album ? Answer : Wild Life
Question : What was the name of the first presidential aircraft ? Answer : Sacred Cow
Question : What was the name of the dog in Peter Pan ? Answer : Nana
Question : What was the name of the changeling on Deep Space Nine ? Answer : Odo
Question : What was the name of the cab company in Taxi ? Answer : Sunshine cabs
Question : What was the name of the baby in Three Men and a Baby ? Answer : Mary
Question : What was the name of Sancho Panza's donkey ? Answer : Dapple
Question : What was the name of Sancho Panza's donkey ? Answer : Dapple
Question : What was the name of Russian bear mascot 1980 Olympics ? Answer : Mischa
Question : What was the name of Roses monkey in Friends ? Answer : Marcel
Question : What was the name of Rip Van Winkles dog ? Answer : Wolf
Question : What was the name of Papa Doc Duvaliers secret police Haiti ? Answer : Tonton Macoute
Question : What was the name of Norse God Thor's hammer ? Answer : Mjolnir
Question : What was the name of Juliet's cousin killed by Benvolio in R+J ? Answer : Tynbalt
Question : What was the name of John Steinbeck's dog ? Answer : Charley
Question : What was the name of John Glens first orbiting craft ? Answer : Friendship 7
Question : What was the name of James Bonds housekeeper ? Answer : May
Question : What was the name of Isaac Newton's dog - caused fire in lab ? Answer : Diamond
Question : What was the name of inn in Treasure Island ? Answer : Admiral Benbow
Question : What was the name of Hamlets father ? Answer : Hamlet
Question : What was the name of Haile Salassie before he was crowned ? Answer : Ras Tafarri
Question : What was the name of Frank Zappas first band ? Answer : The Ramblers
Question : What was the name of Felix the Cats girlfriend ? Answer : Phyllis
Question : What was the name of Dr Dolittle’s Parrot ? Answer : Polynesia
Question : What was the name of Dorothy Parkers Parrot ? Answer : Onan - He spilled his
Question : What was the name of Dagwood Bumstead and Blondies dog ? Answer : Daisy
Question : What was the name of Barbie's first horse ? Answer : Dancer
Question : What was the name of Australia's first girlie magazine in 1936 ? Answer : Men
Question : What was the name of Alistair Macleans first best selling novel ? Answer : HMS Ulysses
Question : What was the name of Ali Babas female slave ? Answer : Morgiana
Question : What was the name of Abraham Lincolns dog Stabbed to death ? Answer : Fido
Question : What was the name of Roy Rogers dog (now stuffed) ? Answer : Bullet
Question : What was the most valuable thing ever stolen ? Answer : The Mona Lisa
Question : What was the most popular Xmas gift in 1913 ? Answer : Erector sets -
Question : What was the most commonly occurring name on the internet ? Answer : Bill Clinton
Question : What was the most bombed place in WW2 ? Answer : Malta
Question : What was the Mark Twain in WW2 ? Answer : A Bombsight
Question : What was the longest running primetime TV drama 20 seasons ? Answer : Gunsmoke
Question : What was The Liberty Bell manufactured 1900s Charles Fey ? Answer : Fruit Machine
Question : What was the Latin word for wheel - now a common transport ? Answer : Truck
Question : What was the last sequel to win best picture award ? Answer : Silence of the Lambs
Question : What was the last item shown on British TV before WW2 ? Answer : Mickey Mouse
Question : What was the last film where Sergio Leone directed Eastwood ? Answer : The Good the Bad and
Question : What was the last European nation to accept the potato ? Answer : France
Question : What was the last European nation to accept the potato ? Answer : France
Question : What was the last black and white film to win Oscar best film ? Answer : The Apartment 1960
Question : What was The King of Trains and The Train of Kings ? Answer : The Orient Express
Question : What was the Italian Umberto Nobile first to do in 1926 ? Answer : Airship Crossing
Question : What was the Grammy album of the year in 1967 (Full name) ? Answer : Beatles Sergeant
Question : What was the full name of the butler in soap - later spin off ? Answer : Benson Dubois
Question : What was the full name of Dr Henry Jekyll's alter ego ? Answer : Edward Hyde
Question : What was the former name of the Chrysler Corporation ? Answer : Maxwell Motors
Question : What was the first video played on MTV Europe ? Answer : Money for Nothing -
Question : What was the first video played on MTV ? Answer : Video killed the Radio
Question : What was the first USA TV series screened in the USSR ? Answer : Fraggle Rock
Question : What was the first USA team to win the Stanley Cup ? Answer : Seattle Metropolitans
Question : What was the first US TV series broadcast in the USSR ? Answer : Daktari
Question : What was the first UK TV series filmed in colour 1964/5 ? Answer : Stingray - a puppet
Question : What was the first TV theme song to hit number one US charts ? Answer : Davy Crocket
Question : What was the first TV show in colour ? Answer : The Cisco Kid
Question : What was the first toy advertised on TV in USA ? Answer : Mr Potato Head
Question : What was the first team sport played in the modern Olympics ? Answer : Water Polo
Question : What was the first sport to be filmed ? Answer : Boxing by Thomas
Question : What was the first shoe brand name to go into Oxford dictionary ? Answer : Dr Martins
Question : What was the first publicly televised sporting event in Japan ? Answer : A Baseball Match
Question : What was the first product sold in aerosol sprays ? Answer : Insecticides
Question : What was the first Pink Floyd album ? Answer : Piper at the gates of
Question : What was the first penal colony in New South Wales ? Answer : Botany Bay
Question : What was the first Olympic sport to include women ? Answer : Tennis - Paris 1900
Question : What was the first ocean liner to have a swimming pool ? Answer : Titanic
Question : What was the first nationally released film with a PG 13 rating ? Answer : Red Dawn
Question : What was the first name of the cartoon character Mr Magoo ? Answer : Quincy
Question : What was the first music CD burned in America ? Answer : Springsteen's Born in
Question : What was the first movie to have a sequel - 1933 ? Answer : King Kong - Son of
Question : What was the first million dollar seller paperback ? Answer : I the Jury - Mickey
Question : What was the first manufactured item to be sold on Hire Purchase ? Answer : Singer sewing
Question : What was the first man made object to leave the solar system ? Answer : Pioneer 10
Question : What was the first magazine to publish a hologram on it's cover ? Answer : National Geographic
Question : What was the first magazine to publish a hologram on its cover ? Answer : National Geographic
Question : What was the first LP record to sell over 1 million copies ? Answer : Calypso by Harry
Question : What was the first James Bond film ? Answer : Dr No
Question : What was the first James Bond book ? Answer : Casino Royal
Question : What was the first item made from aluminium ? Answer : Rattle for Napoleon
Question : What was the first Hanna-Barbera cartoon ? Answer : Ruff and Reddy
Question : What was the first gramophone record made from ? Answer : Tinfoil
Question : What was the first frozen food available in Britain in 1937 ? Answer : Asparagus
Question : What was the first food designed for the microwave ? Answer : Popcorn
Question : What was the first food consumed on the moon in Apollo 11 ? Answer : Turkey
Question : What was the first film to use stereophonic sound ? Answer : Disney's Fantasia
Question : What was the first film Paul Newman directed ? Answer : Rachel Rachel
Question : What was the first film musical based on a Shakespeare play ? Answer : The boys from
Question : What was the first film made in cinemascope ? Answer : The robe
Question : What was the first film given the title Blockbuster ? Answer : Jaws
Question : What was the first doctor film made in 1954 ? Answer : Doctor in the House
Question : What was the first Disney animated film released on video ? Answer : Dumbo
Question : What was the first day of the year in the Roman calendar ? Answer : 25th March
Question : What was the first daily comic strip in the USA ? Answer : Mutt and Jeff
Question : What was the first credit card ? Answer : Diners Club
Question : What was the first creature put on the endangered species list ? Answer : Peregrine Falcon
Question : What was the first country to use TV as a mass info media ? Answer : Germany
Question : What was the first country to use postcards ? Answer : Austria
Question : What was the first country to recognise the US as independent ? Answer : Morocco
Question : What was the first country to leave the United Nations ? Answer : Indonesia
Question : What was the first country to have a public monorail system ? Answer : Japan
Question : What was the first country to guarantee freedom of worship ? Answer : Transylvania
Question : What was the first country in 1824 to legalise Trade Unions ? Answer : Britain
Question : What was the first complete symphony to be recorded ? Answer : Beethoven's fifth
Question : What was the first company formed to manufacture motor cars ? Answer : Daimler
Question : What was the first Carry On film ? Answer : Carry on Sergeant
Question : What was the first British instrumental to top the USA charts ? Answer : Telstar by The
Question : What was the first boxed cereal ? Answer : Shredded wheat
Question : What was the first Bond film not to be titled from a Bond book ? Answer : Licence to Kill
Question : What was the first Beatles song licensed for use in a Nike add ? Answer : Revolution
Question : What was the first battleship powered by steam turbines 1906 ? Answer : HMS Dreadnought
Question : What was the first American state to enter the union 7 Dec 1787 ? Answer : Delaware
Question : What was the first ABC TV series rated No 1 for full season ? Answer : Marcus Welby M.D.
Question : What was the first 90 minute TV series in 1962 ? Answer : The Virginian
Question : What was the first 30 minute animated Disney show ? Answer : Duck Tales
Question : What was the final episode of MASH called ? Answer : Goodbye Farewell and
Question : What was the eighth month in the ancient Roman Calendar ? Answer : October
Question : What was the distress call before SOS ? Answer : CQD - come quick
Question : What was the code name for USA landings Morocco in 1942 ? Answer : Operation Torch
Question : What was the city symbol of Pompeii ? Answer : a Winged Penis
Question : What was the capitol of Russia before Moscow ? Answer : Saint Petersburg
Question : What was the capitol of England before London also a US gun ? Answer : Winchester
Question : What was the capital of Ethiopia ? Answer : Addis Ababa
Question : What was the Bikini originally called ? Answer : The Atom
Question : What was the Beatles first UK top ten single ? Answer : Please-please me
Question : What was the ancient Egyptian cure for haemorrhoids ? Answer : Beer - lots of beer
Question : What was the Acta Diurna introduced by Julius Caesar 59 BC ? Answer : Daily News (paper)
Question : What was superhero Green Lantern vulnerable to ? Answer : Anything Yellow
Question : What was Supergirl's secret identity ? Answer : Linda Lee Danvers
Question : What was Super Mario's original name ? Answer : Jumperman
Question : What was stolen from a Hotel Garden in Britain in 1991 ? Answer : Onion Crop
Question : What was Spencer Tracy's last film ? Answer : Guess whose coming
Question : What was Socrates wife's name ? Answer : Xanthippe
Question : What was Skippy ( on TV ) ? Answer : The bush kangaroo
Question : What was shown over parliament on a Canadian 2 dollar bill ? Answer : An American Flag
Question : What was Sherpa Tensing surname ? Answer : Norgay
Question : What was Sheena Easton's original name ? Answer : Shenne Ore
Question : What was sharkskin once used as ? Answer : Sandpaper
Question : What was Robin Williams paid for Disney's Aladdin in 1982 ? Answer : Scale $485 day +
Question : What was Robert Browning's pet name for his wife Elizabeth ? Answer : Portuguese
Question : What was RJ Mitchell's contribution to WW2 ? Answer : Designed the Spitfire
Question : What was Richard Wagner's second Opera - idea during sea trip ? Answer : The Flying Dutchman
Question : What was Queen Victoria's first name ? Answer : Alexandria
Question : What was Professor Moriarties first name ? Answer : James
Question : What was Procul Harem's greatest hit ? Answer : Whiter shade of pale
Question : What was pirate Captain Kidd's first name ? Answer : William
Question : What was pirate Captain Flint's ship called ? Answer : Walrus
Question : What was Pierce Brosnan's first James Bond film in 1995 ? Answer : Goldeneye
Question : What was Peter Blake a pop art designers most famous work ? Answer : Beatles Sergeant
Question : What was Paul the Apostles real name ? Answer : Saul
Question : What was Paul McCartney's first solo album called ? Answer : McCartney
Question : What was patented in 1954 - the best thing? ? Answer : Sliced bread
Question : What was Oscar Wilde's only novel ? Answer : The picture of Dorian
Question : What was originally made of bamboo then a plastic called grex ? Answer : Hula Hoops by Arthur
Question : What was originally called olive oil water ? Answer : Vaseline
Question : What was originally called flowmatic ? Answer : Cobol
Question : What was originally called Eskimo Pie ? Answer : Chocolate Ices
Question : What was or is a Waltzing Mathilda ? Answer : Swagman’s Knapsack
Question : What was on the B side of the Beatles 1968 "Hey Jude" ? Answer : Revolution
Question : What was on B side of The Rolling Stones Ruby Tuesday ? Answer : Lets Spend the Night
Question : What was Norman Bates hobby in Psycho ? Answer : Stuffing birds
Question : What was Napoleons mothers name ? Answer : Laticia
Question : What was Napoleon Bonaparte's official emblem ? Answer : Bumblebee
Question : What was Motowns biggest hit in 1968 ? Answer : Heard it through the
Question : What was Michelangelo's only signed sculpture ? Answer : The Pieta
Question : What was Maxwell Smarts cover ? Answer : Greetings Card
Question : What was Marilyn Munroes original last name ? Answer : Mortenson
Question : What was Marie Osmonds only solo hit ? Answer : Paper Roses
Question : What was Mae West sent to the workhouse for in 1926 ? Answer : Writing starring in
Question : What was made illegal in England in 1439 ? Answer : Kissing
Question : What was Madam Curie's husbands name ? Answer : Pierre
Question : What was Louis 14th born with two of - that amazed everyone ? Answer : Teeth
Question : What was Lady Chatterlys first name ? Answer : Constance
Question : What was known as the Ox Box ? Answer : Xerox Photocopier
Question : What was known as Arabian Wine ? Answer : Coffee
Question : What was King George VI first name ? Answer : Albert - but Victoria
Question : What was KFCs Colonel Sanders first name ? Answer : Harland
Question : What was Joseph Pujol - La Petomanes stage act ? Answer : He farted - imitating
Question : What was John Fitzgerald Kennedy's campaign song in 1960 ? Answer : High Hopes
Question : What was John Denvers only solo UK number one ? Answer : Annies Song
Question : What was Jimmy Stuarts middle name ? Answer : Crane
Question : What was Jimmy Hoffas middle name ? Answer : Riddle
Question : What was James Shalto Douglas claim to sporting fame ? Answer : Marquis of
Question : What was James Deans middle name ? Answer : Byron
Question : What was James Bonds fathers name ? Answer : Andrew
Question : What was invented in the Humpty Dumpty store Oklahoma ? Answer : Supermarket Trolley
Question : What was invented in the 1800s and sold as a diarrhoea cure ? Answer : Tomato Ketchup
Question : What was invented in Rome 63 bc by Marcus Tiro ? Answer : Shorthand and the &
Question : What was invented in 1855 45 years later than it was needed ? Answer : Can Opener
Question : What was invented by James Dewer in 1872 ? Answer : vacuum or thermos flask
Question : What was invented by Henry D Perky 1893 Denver Colorado ? Answer : Shredded Wheat
Question : What was invented by Garnet Carter of Chattanooga in 1926 ? Answer : Miniature Golf
Question : What was invented by Dr Edward Land in 1947 ? Answer : Polaroid
Question : What was invented by Dr Albert Southwick in 1881 ? Answer : Electric chair
Question : What was invented 1970 US Dr Buddy Lapidus marketed 1975 ? Answer : Odour Eaters
Question : What was invented 1963 150 billion made since ? Answer : Ring Pulls on cans not
Question : What was invented 1903 - patented 1906 G C Beilder ? Answer : Photocopier
Question : What was introduced to the UK 1799 as a temporary measure ? Answer : Income Tax
Question : What was innovative about Co-op winter warmer ale ? Answer : Labelled in Braille
Question : What was Hugh Hefner's jet plane called ? Answer : Big Bunny
Question : What was Hitchcock's last film made in 1976 ? Answer : The Family Plot
Question : What was Hitchcock's first film in colour ? Answer : Rope
Question : What was Helen Keller's first word ? Answer : Water
Question : What was Heindrich Himler's job before lead Gestapo in WW2 ? Answer : Chicken Farmer
Question : What was Hebe the goddess of ? Answer : Youth
Question : What was given on the fourth day of Christmas ? Answer : Calling birds
Question : What was Ghengis Khans first job ? Answer : Goatherd
Question : What was Ghandi's profession ? Answer : Lawyer
Question : What was gangsters George Nelsons nickname ? Answer : Baby Face
Question : What was French frigate Isere's most famous cargo ? Answer : Statue of Liberty
Question : What was founded in the UK 1694 because of war with France ? Answer : Bank of England
Question : What was Fonzies favourite magazine ? Answer : Hot Rod
Question : What was first work of fiction blessed by the Pope ? Answer : Ben Hur - Lew
Question : What was first used at the 1904 St Louis Olympic games ? Answer : Gold medals silver
Question : What was first sold as a cold cure - not what we use it for now ? Answer : Alka-Seltzer
Question : What was first man made object to exceed sound barrier ? Answer : Tip of a whip
Question : What was first built in the Place de Greve in 1792 ? Answer : The Guillotine
Question : What was Erich Weiss better known as ? Answer : Harry Houdini
Question : What was Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte's official emblem ? Answer : Bumblebee
Question : What was Elvis Presley's first UK number one ? Answer : All shook up
Question : What was Edison’s first practical invention ? Answer : Tick a Tape for
Question : What was Disney's first non animated live action film ? Answer : Treasure Island
Question : What was Disney's Donald Duck originally called ? Answer : Donald Drake
Question : What was discovered in 1922 by Howard Carter ? Answer : Tutankamen tomb
Question : What was discovered at Qumran ? Answer : Dead Sea Scrolls
Question : What was Didus Ineptus better known as ? Answer : The Dodo
Question : What was designed and built in Iowa 1930s by George Nissan ? Answer : Trampoline
Question : What was David Leans first film ? Answer : Oliver Twist
Question : What was created in Canada in 1923 for first time criminals ? Answer : A Spanking Machine
Question : What was Colombo's dog called ? Answer : Fang - Basset Hound
Question : What was Clint Eastwood's first film as a director ? Answer : Play Misty for Me
Question : What was classical composer Mussorgsky's first name ? Answer : Modest
Question : What was Christopher Deans job before Ice Skating ? Answer : Policeman
Question : What was checkpoint Charlie named after ? Answer : Charlie - Phonetic
Question : What was Charles Dickens last (unfinished) novel ? Answer : mystery of edwin drood
Question : What was Casanovas day job ? Answer : Librarian
Question : What was Butch Cassidy's original profession ? Answer : Butcher hence Butch
Question : What was built by the inmates of Changi Prison Camp ? Answer : Burma Railroad
Question : What was Bugs Bunnies original name ? Answer : Happy Rabbit
Question : What was Buddy Hollies real first name ? Answer : Charles
Question : What was Buddy Hollies current single when he died ? Answer : It doesn't matter any
Question : What was Bruce Lees first Hollywood produced film ? Answer : Enter the Dragon
Question : What was Britain's first colony (annexed in 1583) ? Answer : Newfoundland
Question : What was Britain called - before it was Britain ? Answer : Albion
Question : What was Boucan that gave Buccaneers their name ? Answer : Dried meat
Question : What was Bogart's full characters name in Casablanca ? Answer : Rick Blain
Question : What was Blondies name before she married Dagwood ? Answer : Boopadoop
Question : What was Black Beauties original name ? Answer : Darkie
Question : What was Billboards hit single of the 1970s ? Answer : You light up my life
Question : What was Beethoven's only opera ? Answer : Fidelio
Question : What was Barnaby Jones usual tipple ? Answer : Milk
Question : What was banned in US movie theatres in the 1920s ? Answer : Popcorn - too noisy
Question : What was banned in Indonesia for stimulating passion ? Answer : Hula Hoops
Question : What was banned in Horneytown North Carolina ? Answer : Massage Parlours
Question : What was banned in China in 1911 as a sign of feudalism ? Answer : The Pigtail
Question : What was banned from New York schools in 1962 ? Answer : Reading of Prayers
Question : What was banned by law 16th 17th century Venice ? Answer : High heels -
Question : What was Auguste Bartholdis most famous work 1886 ? Answer : Statue of Liberty
Question : What was Americas first organised sport ? Answer : Horse Racing in 1664
Question : What was Alka-Seltzer first marketed as ? Answer : Cold Cure
Question : What was Alfred Hitchcock's first sound film ? Answer : Blackmail
Question : What was advertised as anytime anyplace anywhere ? Answer : Martini
Question : What was added to Band Aids in 1940 ? Answer : Red opening string
Question : What was Acadia ? Answer : Nova Scotia (French
Question : What was a Spiney Pear ? Answer : Pineapple
Question : What was a Royal Navy frigate accused throwing Cod War 1973 ? Answer : Carrots at Icelandic
Question : What was a Pikelhaube used in WW I ? Answer : Spiked German
Question : What was a Nuremberg egg ? Answer : Pocket watch / clock
Question : What was 1993s biggest selling single ? Answer : Ill do anything for
Question : What vegetable was Emperor Nero's favourite ? Answer : The Leek
Question : What vegetable was considered a cure for sex problems in old Egypt ? Answer : Radish
Question : What vegetable is found in the dish chicken divan ? Answer : Broccoli
Question : What vegetable gets its name from old French / Latin for milk ? Answer : Lettuce
Question : What uses 28 calories if done for one minute ? Answer : Kiss
Question : What used to be measured in Gillettes ? Answer : Laser Strength - no
Question : What used to be caught in a fanny trap ? Answer : Foxes Mid ages fem
Question : What used to be called (in Europe) Arabian wine ? Answer : Coffee
Question : What USA state drinks the most beer ? Answer : California
Question : What USA city is also a slang name for a pineapple ? Answer : Chicago
Question : What US states name means long river in Indian ? Answer : Connecticut
Question : What US state was the last to ratify abolition slavery 1990s ? Answer : Mississippi
Question : What US state named in 1664 in honour of Sir George Cateret ? Answer : New Jersey Cateret
Question : What US state is the magnolia state ? Answer : Mississippi
Question : What US state has the most murders ? Answer : California
Question : What US state has no motto ? Answer : Alaska
Question : What US State flag has a UK Union Flag on it ? Answer : Hawaii
Question : What US president was nicknamed Miss Nancy ? Answer : James Buchanan
Question : What US president was born in Corsica ? Answer : William Harding
Question : What US president spent between 11 and 15 hours asleep daily ? Answer : Calvin Coolidge
Question : What US President said I Promise instead of I swear inaugurate ? Answer : Richard M Nixon
Question : What US ports name means in Choctaw long haired people ? Answer : Pensacola in Florida
Question : What US film was based on Thomas Dixons The Clansman ? Answer : Birth of a Nation
Question : What US city is named after vice president of the mid 1840s ? Answer : Dallas
Question : What US city hosted the final of the 1994 football world cup ? Answer : Pasadena
Question : What US city buys the most blond hair dye ? Answer : Dallas Texas
Question : What unusual item can you buy - vending machine Paris Metro ? Answer : Levi 501s in 10 sizes
Question : What unusual flavour did the Jell-O company try in 1942 ? Answer : Cola
Question : What UK gentleman's club first in 1891 to admit lady members ? Answer : Reform club
Question : What UK football team nick The Glaziers play at Selhurst Park ? Answer : Crystal Palace
Question : What types can be saddle, plane or pivotal ? Answer : Body Joints
Question : What type of wine was Napoleons favourite ? Answer : Burgundy Chambertin
Question : What type of soup is a dubarry ? Answer : Cream of cauliflower
Question : What type of shoes does the Pope usually wear ? Answer : Moccasin
Question : What type of large vehicle is named after a Hindu God ? Answer : Juggernaut
Question : What type of food is Taramasalata ? Answer : cured /smoked cod roe
Question : What type of food is Otak Otak in Malaysia ? Answer : Grilled Fish Pate
Question : What type of food is coulibac ? Answer : Russian Fish Pie
Question : What type of food is a sacatorta ? Answer : Chocolate cake or
Question : What type of food is a Munster plum ? Answer : Potato
Question : What type of fish is Scomber Scombrus ? Answer : Mackerel
Question : What type of creature was Salar - that Tarka would like to eat ? Answer : Salmon
Question : What type of creature was Pylorus Jack ? Answer : A Dolphin - saved
Question : What type of creature was an Archelon ? Answer : A Turtle
Question : What type of creature is an Orb Weaver ? Answer : Spider
Question : What type of clothing article is a Belcher ? Answer : Neckerchief
Question : What type of candy is banned in Washington state ? Answer : Lollypops
Question : What type of birds (Hugin + Munin) sit on the shoulders of Odin ? Answer : Ravens
Question : What type of animal is a vmi-vmi ? Answer : Very small pig
Question : What type of animal is a Samoyed ? Answer : Dog
Question : What type of animal is a markhor ? Answer : Wild Goat
Question : What type of animal is a jennet ? Answer : Small Spanish horse
Question : What type of adornment is a Postiche ? Answer : Small Hairpiece
Question : What type of acid is used in car batteries ? Answer : Sulphuric
Question : What two things are used to stuff a welshman ? Answer : Cheese Leek pastie
Question : What two sports use mallets ? Answer : Croquet - Polo
Question : What two items make up the dish devils on horseback ? Answer : Bacon Prunes
Question : What two ingredients make the dish angels on horseback ? Answer : oysters - wrapped in bacon
Question : What TV show was set in Wentworth Detention Centre ? Answer : Prisoner Cell Block H
Question : What TV show takes place in Sunnydale ? Answer : Buffy the Vampire
Question : What TV series had a signature tune called Liberty Bell ? Answer : Monty Pythons Flying
Question : What TV program first used the word hell ? Answer : Star Trek lets get the
Question : What TV family lived at 1124 Morning Glory Circle Westport Con ? Answer : Stevens in Bewitched
Question : What TV did 44 million USA watch while 27m Eisenhower sworn in ? Answer : I Love Lucy
Question : What TV character lived in Waratah National Park ? Answer : Skippy
Question : What trio were originally called The Rattlesnakes ? Answer : The Bee Gees
Question : What tree is mentioned just once in the Bible ? Answer : Poplar
Question : What tree can be English, American or Eurasian ? Answer : Elm
Question : What translates as The fist foot way ? Answer : Taekwondo
Question : What traditional Maori insult was seen in the film Braveheart ? Answer : Mooning
Question : What trade did Bonito, Calico Jack, and Dick Hatteraick follow ? Answer : Pirates
Question : What toy was first launched as The Magic Screen ? Answer : Etch - A - Sketch
Question : What toy is manufactured to a tolerance of 5 thou of a millimetre ? Answer : Lego
Question : What town has the highest post office in the US ? Answer : Climax Colorado
Question : What town and stream in West Australia same name pop group ? Answer : Abba River
Question : What tough guy actor has a real first name of Walter ? Answer : Bruce Willis
Question : What took place on London's serpentine first time 16 June 1930 ? Answer : Mixed Bathing
Question : What token was added to Monopoly in 1999 ? Answer : Sack of Money
Question : What to a French or Spanish man is an OVNI ? Answer : UFO
Question : What title has the wife of an earl ? Answer : Countess
Question : What three counties were Eliza Dolittle taught to pronounce ? Answer : Hertford Hereford
Question : What thin net of silk or Rayon named after French place it made ? Answer : Tulle
Question : What theologian claimed he could drive away the devil with a fart ? Answer : Martin Luther
Question : What term was coined July 17th 1942 issue of Yank magazine ? Answer : G I Joe
Question : What tennis players name meant Tall trees by still water ? Answer : Evonne Goolagong
Question : What tennis player made it to finals US open 8 times in 80s ? Answer : Ivan Lendl
Question : What tennis player had trials with Bayern Munich soccer club ? Answer : Boris Becker
Question : What tanker caused a severe oil spill in 1989 ? Answer : Exxon Valdez
Question : What takes place in Happy Valley Hong Kong ? Answer : Horse racing
Question : What takes place at Montlhery France and Zandvoort Holland ? Answer : Motor car racing
Question : What symbols name derives from Greek for star ? Answer : Asterisk
Question : What symbol did 87 year old Arthur Eisenmenger design ? Answer : The Euro note graphic
Question : What swims at 1/8 inch an hour ? Answer : Sperm
Question : What subject Ben Franklins letter to Royal Academy - Brussels ? Answer : Perfuming Farts
Question : What stretch of water separates Italy and Sicily ? Answer : Straights of Messina
Question : What State was founded in 1948 ? Answer : Israel
Question : What state was founded by Mohammed Ali Jinnah ? Answer : Pakistan
Question : What started in early 1900s to improve sales sports newspaper ? Answer : Tour de France Le
Question : What started in 1935 when a doctor and a stockbroker met ? Answer : Alcoholics
Question : What star, most popular of 1925 was born in a trench in France ? Answer : Rin Tin-Tin during
Question : What star was once a vacuum cleaner salesman ? Answer : Rock Hudson
Question : What star sign is Harry Potter ? Answer : Leo
Question : What star only began singing when she broke her leg ? Answer : Doris Day was a
Question : What star once sold lingerie door to door ? Answer : Burt Lancaster
Question : What star had a job as aircraft factory inspector ? Answer : Marilyn Munroe
Question : What sports name translates as Little Game of War ? Answer : Lacrosse
Question : What sporting trophy is named after the US sec of war 1920s ? Answer : Davis Cup - Dwight
Question : What sporting contest Peter Christian win in Jan 77 with 1/16 oz ? Answer : Angling - total (only)
Question : What sport would you see at Arthur Park ? Answer : Grand Prix Racing
Question : What sport was described as "Chess with muscles" ? Answer : Fencing
Question : What sport was deemed to violate civil rights banned New York ? Answer : Dwarf Throwing -
Question : What sport was called The Royal Sport ? Answer : Cock Fighting
Question : What sport was called Harpastum by the ancient Greeks ? Answer : Football
Question : What sport was banned in England in 1849 ? Answer : Cockfighting
Question : What sport takes place over a distance of 440 yards ? Answer : Drag Racing
Question : What sport still requires competitors to wear formal clothing ? Answer : Snooker or Billiards
Question : What sport originally meant in French, look here ? Answer : Tennis
Question : What sport links Castle Cup, Red Stripe Cup, Ranji Trophy ? Answer : Cricket
Question : What sport is played at Smiths Lawn ? Answer : Polo
Question : What sport is played 11 a side on ice with a ball - variable pitch ? Answer : Bandy
Question : What sport is legal in only 16 American States ? Answer : Greyhound Racing
Question : What sport introduced the term southpaw ? Answer : Baseball
Question : What sport in Belgium people compete in the Fleche Walloons ? Answer : Cycling
Question : What sport has Crumb Gatherers Followers Rovers and Wings ? Answer : Aussie Rules Football
Question : What sport featured in the 1980 film Breaking Away ? Answer : Cycling
Question : What sport do you compete for Currie cup and Ranfurly Shield ? Answer : Rugby Union
Question : What sport can take place on sand ice or water ? Answer : Wind Surfing
Question : What sport appears in the phonetic alphabet ? Answer : Golf
Question : What spirit is mixed with ginger beer in a Moscow mule ? Answer : Vodka
Question : What spice is used to make a whiskey sling ? Answer : Nutmeg
Question : What spice is essential in a New England Clam Chowder ? Answer : Thyme
Question : What spice comes from the curcuma plant ? Answer : Turmeric
Question : What speed record has remained unbroken since 1938 ? Answer : Steam Train - Mallard
Question : What species of mammal can come in fairy or giant size ? Answer : Banded Armadillo
Question : What species of fish is caught most ? Answer : Anchovetta - Anchovy
Question : What Spanish title is equivalent to princess ? Answer : Infanta
Question : What space craft mapping Venus named 15/16 century explorer ? Answer : Magellan
Question : What Soviet leader seized control from Khrushchev in 1964 ? Answer : Leonid Brezhnev
Question : What South American cities inhabitants are called portenos ? Answer : Buenos Aires
Question : What sort of wood was Noah's Ark made from ? Answer : Gopher wood
Question : What sort of ship was the Marie Celeste ? Answer : Brigantine
Question : What sort of sexual practice is Lectamia ? Answer : Caressing in bed no
Question : What sort of meat is used in the dish Guard of Honour ? Answer : Neck of Lamb
Question : What sort of drink is barbancourt ? Answer : Rum
Question : What sort of creature is a tarantula hawk ? Answer : Wasp - hunts spiders
Question : What sort of creature is a bariroussa ? Answer : A pig
Question : What sort of animal is a fennec ? Answer : Desert Fox
Question : What song was The Pittsburgh Pirates anthem ? Answer : We are Family -
Question : What song was on the B side of The Beatles We can work it out ? Answer : Day Tripper
Question : What song on the Rubber Soul album became No 1 Overlanders ? Answer : Michelle - 1966
Question : What song links Little Eva and Kylie Minogue ? Answer : The Locomotion
Question : What song is sung the most ? Answer : Happy Birthday
Question : What song is about a sheep stealing suicide ? Answer : Waltzing Matilda
Question : What song gave a 9 year old US a UK No 1 lots weeks 1972/73 ? Answer : Long haired lover
Question : What song did Rick ask Sam to play in Casablanca ? Answer : As Time Goes By
Question : What song did Marilyn Munroe sing in the film Bus Stop ? Answer : That Old Black Magic
Question : What soft drink was developed as a hangover remedy ? Answer : Pepsi Cola
Question : What snake builds a nest ? Answer : King Cobra
Question : What singer was nicknamed by his fans The Lizard King ? Answer : Jim Morrison
Question : What singer sang the song Spank Me ? Answer : Madonna
Question : What singer did Elvis Presley say was the greatest in the world ? Answer : Roy Orbison
Question : What sin have inhabitants of Dantes first circle of hell committed ? Answer : Pride - they are
Question : What should you give on a 35th wedding anniversary ? Answer : Coral
Question : What should you give after 15 years of marriage ? Answer : Crystal
Question : What should be given on the 9th wedding anniversary ? Answer : Pottery - some say
Question : What should be done with a used worn out flag ? Answer : Burned
Question : What short sighted cartoon character had a nephew - Waldo ? Answer : Mr Magoo
Question : What shop outnumbers MacDonald's 3 to 1 in the USA ? Answer : Adult Bookshops
Question : What ship was sunk in Auckland harbour in 1987 ? Answer : Rainbow Warrior
Question : What ship was blown up at the end of The African Queen ? Answer : The Louisa
Question : What ship meaning new land carried Scott to the Antarctic 1910 ? Answer : Terra Nova
Question : What shape were the sailors plates in Nelsons navy ? Answer : square thus square meal
Question : What shape is Millerighi pasta ? Answer : Tubes
Question : What shape is Fusilli pasta ? Answer : Corkscrews
Question : What shape is Farfallini pasta ? Answer : Small Butterflies
Question : What shape is cansonsei pasta ? Answer : Little Britches
Question : What shape is canestrelli pasta ? Answer : Little Baskets
Question : What shape is Anelli pasta ? Answer : Rings
Question : What shape is a saggitated leaf ? Answer : Arrow shaped
Question : What Shakespeare play was the basis of The Forbidden Planet ? Answer : The Tempest
Question : What Shakespeare play is set in Massina and has Claudio in it ? Answer : Much ado about
Question : What Shakespeare play is "The Green Eyed Monster" mentioned ? Answer : Othello
Question : What Shakespeare play Course true love never did run smooth ? Answer : Midsummer Nights
Question : What Shakespeare King was killed at Pontefract Castle ? Answer : King Richard III
Question : What Shakespeare character ends saying The rest is Silence ? Answer : Hamlet
Question : What sexually arouses a Jactitator ? Answer : Bragging about sex
Question : What sexual practice is maritate ? Answer : Female masturbation
Question : What sexual practice does a mazophallate enjoy ? Answer : Tit Wank
Question : What seven letter word do all Americans pronounce wrongly ? Answer : Wrongly
Question : What series was voted the best fiction of the 20th century ? Answer : Lord of the Rings
Question : What Searchers hit was written by Sony Bono ? Answer : Needles and Pins
Question : What sea is directly north of Poland ? Answer : Baltic sea
Question : What screen cowboy rode Tony the Wonder Horse ? Answer : Tom Mix
Question : What science ficton author wrote about The Cities in Flight series ? Answer : James Blish
Question : What scene is included for good luck in most of Spielberg films ? Answer : A Shooting star
Question : What sausage gets it's name from the Italian for Onion ? Answer : Chipolata
Question : What Sanskrit word means great king ? Answer : Maharaja
Question : What sank German submarine U120 in WW2 ? Answer : Broken toilet
Question : What Saint said - Lord grant me Chastity - but not ye ? Answer : t
Question : What said I'm never through with a girl till I've had her three ways ? Answer : John F Kennedy
Question : What Russian revolutionary founded Pravda ? Answer : Leon Trotsky
Question : What ruined Cesar Borgia's honeymoon night ? Answer : Mate gave him
Question : What Roman soldier defeated and destroyed Spartacus ? Answer : Crassus - not Pompey
Question : What Roman Emperor was the first to convert to Christianity ? Answer : Constantine - the great
Question : What Roman Emperor was killed by an overdose of laxative ? Answer : Nero - by an aunt
Question : What Rock group are named for a split paper match splif holder ? Answer : Jefferson Airplane
Question : What rivers name translates as river of hate ? Answer : Styx in Hades
Question : What river in Africa carries the most water ? Answer : Congo - Zaire
Question : What river flows through 8 countries and four capitols ? Answer : Danube
Question : What river flows from Mount Hermon into the Dead Sea ? Answer : Jordan via Sea of
Question : What river did the Pied Piper drown the rats in ? Answer : Weser
Question : What religious leaders name means Sign of God ? Answer : Ayatollah
Question : What religions sacred writings are divided into the Tripitaka ? Answer : Buddhism
Question : What religion was Adolf Hitler ? Answer : Roman Catholic
Question : What religion links Weasak, Dhrammacacka, and Bhodi day ? Answer : Buddhist
Question : What real person has been played most often in films ? Answer : Napoleon Bonaparte
Question : What rank was George Armstrong Custer when he was killed ? Answer : Lieutenant Colonel
Question : What Queen of Ogygia detained Odysseus for seven years ? Answer : Calypso
Question : What queen banned mirrors as she got older ? Answer : Elizabeth 1st
Question : What puppet was based on the creators former wife Sylvia ? Answer : Lady Penelope
Question : What Prophet in the Bible had a talking donkey ? Answer : Balaam
Question : What profession receives the Pritzker prize ? Answer : Architects
Question : What profession makes regular use of vibrators ? Answer : Potters - remove air
Question : What profession has four times the average aids in USA ? Answer : Catholic Priests
Question : What profession had Lemual Gulliver when he was shipwrecked ? Answer : Ships surgeon
Question : What profession did Handel originally study ? Answer : The Law
Question : What product was originally called drybak ? Answer : Duct Tape
Question : What product was originally called Baby Gays ? Answer : Q Tips
Question : What product was introduced as a cure for urinatary problems ? Answer : Pepsi
Question : What product uses the most silver ? Answer : Camera Film
Question : What product sold 330 in the US in its first year ? Answer : VW Beetle
Question : What product sold 25 bottles in its first year for $50 cost $75 ? Answer : Coca Cola a 50% loss
Question : What product sells best in US supermarkets ? Answer : 98.2% of shoppers Toilet paper
Question : What product ranks number one in consumer brand loyalty ? Answer : Cigarettes
Question : What product put its logo on Dover cliffs - Act Parliament get off ? Answer : Quaker Oats Man
Question : What product only sold 8 in its first year in the USA ? Answer : Remmington
Question : What product only sold 1200 bottles in its first year ? Answer : Liquid Paper - Tippex
Question : What product is consumed most in California ? Answer : Bottled Water
Question : What product did the first commercial in the USA advertise ? Answer : Bulova Watches
Question : What product changed its original name from the soundabout ? Answer : The walkman
Question : What product can be found in four out of five American homes ? Answer : WD40
Question : What President appears on the US $100000 bill ? Answer : Woodrow Wilson
Question : What port lies at the mouth of the Swan river ? Answer : Freemantle (Perth)
Question : What popular party drink gets its name from Sanskrit meaning 5 ? Answer : Punch - originally 5
Question : What popular bird derives its name from Abo for Good to Eat ? Answer : Budgerigar
Question : What Pope started the Inquisition ? Answer : Gregory 9th
Question : What pop star served a football apprenticeship with Brentford ? Answer : Rod Stuart
Question : What pop singer was born in Lucknow India ? Answer : Cliff Richard
Question : What pop group were dedicated followers of fashion ? Answer : The Kinks
Question : What pop group took their name from a Herman Hess novel ? Answer : Steppenwolff
Question : What pop group saw their first 5 singles enter UK charts at No 1 ? Answer : Westlife
Question : What pop group said "Were only in it for the volume" ? Answer : Black Sabbath
Question : What pop group had a "Message in a Bottle" ? Answer : Police
Question : What pollinates malacophilous plants ? Answer : Snails
Question : What police resource was first used in the Jack the Ripper case ? Answer : Bloodhounds
Question : What playwright wrote The Three Sisters and The Cherry Orchard ? Answer : Anton Chekov
Question : What play is set in Venice and Cyprus ? Answer : Othello - Shakespeare
Question : What play has line - Shall there be no more cakes and ale ? Answer : Twelfth Night
Question : What plants name means wild growing by the Volga ? Answer : Rhubarb - Rha -
Question : What plant was named after the Greek goddess of the rainbow ? Answer : Iris
Question : What plant is sometimes called the poor mans weatherglass ? Answer : Scarlet Pimpernel
Question : What plant has flowers but no leaves ? Answer : Cactus
Question : What plant does the Colorado beetle attack ? Answer : Potato
Question : What planet is nearest in size to Earth ? Answer : Venus - 5% smaller
Question : What planet in our system is not named after a god ? Answer : Earth
Question : What planet did Gustav Holst omit from the planets suite ? Answer : Earth
Question : What place was nicknamed "The Pearl of the Orient" ? Answer : Manilla - Philippines
Question : What place is nicknamed "The City of Lilies" ? Answer : Florence
Question : What place is called Rapa-nui by its native inhabitants ? Answer : Easter Island
Question : What physical feature gives the platypus it's name ? Answer : Webbed feet
Question : What phrase did Quantum Leap's Sam Beckett use in every show ? Answer : Oh Boy
Question : What philosopher stated "Hell is other people" ? Answer : Jean Paul Sarte
Question : What phenomenon do cereologists study ? Answer : Crop circles
Question : What phantom ship is said to haunt The Cape of Good Hope ? Answer : The Flying Dutchman
Question : What pet did Florence Nightingale carry with her ? Answer : An Owl (in her
Question : What peoples name literally translates as ordinary ? Answer : Maori
Question : What people founded cheese making in England ? Answer : Romans
Question : What part of the body is most bitten by insects ? Answer : The Foot
Question : What part of the body ages the fastest ? Answer : The Hands
Question : What part of an aircraft is the empennage ? Answer : Tail Unit
Question : What part of a frog do you rub to hypnotise it ? Answer : Its belly
Question : What palindromic grass grows at the seashore ? Answer : Marram
Question : What outlaws last words were supposed to be " such is life " ? Answer : Ned Kelly
Question : What other name is used for the snow leopard ? Answer : Ounce
Question : What other name is Mellor’s famously known by ? Answer : Lady Chatterlys Lover
Question : What original story begins Aladdin was a little Chinese boy ? Answer : 1001 Arabian Nights
Question : What organisation was founded Canada by Mrs Hoodless 1897 ? Answer : The Women's Institute
Question : What organisation recently banned in Russia as paramilitary ? Answer : Salvation Army
Question : What organisation opposes ASH ? Answer : FOREST
Question : What organisation is known as the Society of Friends ? Answer : Quakers
Question : What organisation did C T Russell found ? Answer : Jehovah Witnesses
Question : What order of insects contains the most species ? Answer : Beetles
Question : What or where was original deadline ? Answer : USA Civil war prison
Question : What Opera's story is about a female cigar factory worker ? Answer : Carmen
Question : What opera premiered in Paignton Devon 30th December 1879 ? Answer : Pirates of Penzance
Question : What on average is two inches wide but 2 miles long ? Answer : A lightning bolt
Question : What Olympic event was dropped in 1920 ? Answer : Tug of War -1900 to
Question : What Olympic event only takes place at 70 and 90 meters ? Answer : Ski Jumping - official
Question : What occurs in September and December more than any other month ? Answer : Letter E
Question : What occupation would use a dibber ? Answer : Gardener - to make
Question : What occupation had the most fatal work injuries in US in 1994 ? Answer : Truck Drivers
Question : What New York edifice is named after an Italian navigator ? Answer : Verrazano Narrows
Question : What new invention was shown to Queen Victoria 14 Jan 1878 ? Answer : The telephone
Question : What new domestic device was launched by Hoover in 1963 ? Answer : Steam Iron
Question : What natural phenomenon can never be seen at noon ? Answer : Rainbow - sun must
Question : What nationally was Mata Hari shot as a spy ? Answer : Dutch
Question : What nationality was the first man to die in a plane crash ? Answer : French - Orville
Question : What nationality was tennis player Michael Chang ? Answer : American
Question : What nationality was Saint Paul of Tarsus ? Answer : Turkish
Question : What nationality was Pontius Pilot by birth ? Answer : Scottish -
Question : What nationality was Oddjob ? Answer : Korean
Question : What nationality was Morse inventor of the famous code ? Answer : American
Question : What nationality was Fredrick Chopin ? Answer : Polish
Question : What nationality was first person in space not US or Russian ? Answer : Czech - Vladimir
Question : What nationality was Cleopatra ? Answer : Greek
Question : What nationality is Thor Heyerdahl ? Answer : Norwegian
Question : What nationality are the most immigrants to the USA ? Answer : Mexican
Question : What national flag has the largest animal emblem - a lion ? Answer : Sri Lanka
Question : What nation on average takes most time to eat meals ? Answer : French
Question : What nation invented the toilet seat ? Answer : Egyptian
Question : What name's given to a number that exactly divides into another ? Answer : Factor or Divisor
Question : What name is given to the smallest type of liquor glass ? Answer : Cordial
Question : What name in Hebrew means to add ? Answer : Joseph
Question : What name from the French to quibble means a no trump hand ? Answer : Chicane
Question : What mythological animal was the insignia of UK Airborne WW II ? Answer : Pegasus - carrying
Question : What mythical beast is a cross between a lion and an eagle ? Answer : Griffin
Question : What musical was produced on London stage 30 years after film ? Answer : Singing in the Rain
Question : What musical term means playing with each note detached ? Answer : Staccato
Question : what musical play - find a character called Magnolia Hawks ? Answer : Showboat
Question : What musical instrument has gourd, shoulder, nut and leaves ? Answer : A Sitar
Question : What musical direction comes from the Italian meaning cheerful ? Answer : Allegro
Question : What movie memorabilia sold at Christies in 1987 for £82500 ? Answer : Chaplains Hat Cane
Question : What movie had the line "We're on a mission from God" ? Answer : The Blues Brothers
Question : What movie cast included James Garner, Richard Attenbourough, ? Answer : The Great Escape
Question : What movie actor was (among other jobs) a bridge painter ? Answer : Paul Hogan
Question : What mountain overlooks Rio de Janeiro harbour ? Answer : Sugar Loaf
Question : What mountain - Greeks believe was the home of the Muses ? Answer : Helicon
Question : What month was named after Latin for to open ? Answer : April
Question : What modern word comes from the Latin Dilatare - open wide ? Answer : Dildo
Question : What modern dance was supposed to cure a spiders bite ? Answer : Tarantella
Question : What minty confection is a boys name - in reverse ? Answer : Trebor mints - Robert
Question : What microscopic animals name comes from Greek little Staff ? Answer : Bacteria
Question : What metal is used in galvanizing ? Answer : Zinc
Question : What metal impurity makes rubies red and emeralds green ? Answer : Chromium
Question : What member of the weasel family is over 1 meter or 3 feet long ? Answer : Badger
Question : What medication discovered in 1928 but introduced 1940 ? Answer : Penicillin
Question : What medal shows 3 naked men hands on each others shoulders ? Answer : Nobel Peace Prize
Question : What meat outsells mutton and lamb combined in Sweden ? Answer : Horse meat
Question : What masked hero first appeared 1919 The Curse of Capistrano ? Answer : Zorro
Question : What martial arts name means gentle way ? Answer : Judo
Question : What mammal has hair - on the soles of its feet ? Answer : Polar Bear
Question : What male name comes from the German meaning army rule ? Answer : Harold
Question : What male name comes from Greek meaning lover of horses ? Answer : Phillip
Question : What male name comes from Greek meaning defender of men ? Answer : Alexander
Question : What male human feature was taxed in Elizabethan times ? Answer : Beards
Question : What makes the holes in Swiss cheese ? Answer : Gas given off by
Question : What makes Kirminski church in Finland unique ? Answer : World biggest wooden
Question : What makes Argon, Neon and Helium unique in chemistry ? Answer : No compounds
Question : What makes a noise middle octave key of F ? Answer : Housefly buzz
Question : What make was the first car with air conditioning ? Answer : Packard
Question : What make and model of car was Christine in the book and film ? Answer : Plymouth Fury
Question : What magazine started in America March 1923 ? Answer : Time
Question : What magazine says We are Number one in a field of One ? Answer : Mad
Question : What magazine has the largest unpaid circulation in the US ? Answer : Disney Channel
Question : What lives in a holt ? Answer : An Otter
Question : What literary prize ( worth £30000 ) is for women authors only ? Answer : Orange Award
Question : What literary character was born on September 22 1290 ? Answer : Hobbit Bilbo Baggins
Question : What liqueur means cupid in Italian and love in Latin ? Answer : Amaretto
Question : What liqueur is prepared from cumin and caraway seeds ? Answer : Kummel
Question : What links Yul Bryner Burt Lancaster WC Fields Joe E Brown ? Answer : Circus Performers
Question : What links Ygrana - Valentino and Cerrutti ? Answer : Paris fashion houses
Question : What links Willie Brant, Lech Walesa, Yasser Arafat ? Answer : Nobel Peace Prize
Question : What links Wade - Spode - Misen - Delft ? Answer : Pottery
Question : What links Vespasian Titus Domitian Nerva ? Answer : Rulers Roman Empire
Question : What links tulip balloon and flute ? Answer : Types of glasses
Question : What links the trees Bodhi, Peepul and Ailento ? Answer : They are all sacred to
Question : What links The Reivers, Grapes of Wrath, Humboldt’s Gift ? Answer : Pulitzer Prize winners
Question : What links the names Botvinik, Tal, Karpov, Fischer ? Answer : Chess World Champs
Question : What links The Friend, The Tablet and The Universe ? Answer : Religious publications
Question : What links the Cassowary Kakapo and the Kagu ? Answer : Flightless Birds
Question : What links Sword, Square, Floral and Barn ? Answer : Types of Dance
Question : What links Steve McQueen Ian Botham Spike Milligan ? Answer : All called Terence
Question : What links stags tails, pickled worms, gallstones, tomatoes ? Answer : Once thought to be
Question : What links Socrates Aristotle Janis Joplin ? Answer : Bisexuals
Question : What links Sivan Av Tevat and Adar ? Answer : Jewish months
Question : What links Sissinnius, Zosimus, Liberius, Sergius V1,Victor II ? Answer : Popes
Question : What links Sheffield, Edinburgh, Rome ? Answer : Built on 7 Hills
Question : What links Sergeant Joe Friday and Babe Ruth ? Answer : 714 - Fridays badge
Question : What links Scorpion Seawolf and Thresher ? Answer : Lost US nuclear
Question : What links Samuel Delaney, Fredrick Pohl, Harlan Ellison ? Answer : Science Fiction
Question : What links Pythagoras, Hitler, GB Shaw and Henry Thoreau ? Answer : Vegetarians
Question : What links Pauldron Crisse Gorget and Tassle ? Answer : Knights Armour
Question : What links Paul and Ringo in the Beatles ? Answer : Left Handed
Question : What links Pacer Burton, Chad Gates, Walter Gulik ? Answer : Elvis film characters
Question : What links Mozart's Don Giovanni and Bizet's Carmen location ? Answer : Set in Seville in Spain
Question : What links Millionaires, Metropolitans, Black Hawks, Silver seven ? Answer : Stanley Cup winners
Question : What links Martha Corey Brigit Bishop Mary Easty in 17th cent ? Answer : Salem Witchcraft trial
Question : What links Kelly Highway Block and Wales ? Answer : Clint Eastwood
Question : What links Jerry Garcia Buster Keaton Boris Yeltsin ? Answer : Missing a bit of finger
Question : What links Jack Loving Girls and Nurse ? Answer : Carry on Films
Question : What links Iguanas, Koalas and Kimono Dragons ? Answer : Two Penises
Question : What links Humphry Davie, Michael Faraday, Madam Curie ? Answer : poisoned by chemicals work
Question : What links horses rabbits and rats ? Answer : Cannot Vomit
Question : What links Hong Kong Singapore Rio and Utopia ? Answer : Road Films
Question : What links Hof Malomo Zagreb Belgrade Porto Varna Vevey ? Answer : International film
Question : What links Herbert Hoover and Richard Nixon - not the obvious ? Answer : Both Quakers
Question : What links Helicon Hutchinson Macmillan and Penguin ? Answer : Book Publishers
Question : What links Grey Bean Canada Brent Barnacle ? Answer : Types of Goose
Question : What links George Patton Jayne Mansfield Margaret Mitchell ? Answer : Died in car crashes
Question : What links Fitzroy, Essenden, Collingswood and Carlton ? Answer : Aussie rules football
Question : What links fire escapes windshield wipers bullet proof vests ? Answer : Invented by women
Question : What links Fantasy Devils Coral and Christmas ? Answer : Islands
Question : What links Escalator, Kerosene, YoYo, Zipper and Thermos ? Answer : Names into language
Question : What links Elvis Presley, Bruce Willis, Richard Gere ? Answer : Married in Las Vegas
Question : What links elephanta, bad-i-sad-o-bistroz, oe, whuly, zonda ? Answer : All winds
Question : What links Edegra, Cavetra and Erix ? Answer : Brand-names for
Question : What links Duke Wellington, Earl Derby, Marquis Salisbury ? Answer : UK Prime Ministers
Question : What links Dr Spock Errol Flynn and Emperor Nero ? Answer : Olympics Rowing
Question : What links Doric, Ionic, Tuscan, Corinthian and Composite ? Answer : Classical Architecture
Question : What links Da Vinci, Picasso, Charlie Chaplain, Ben Franklin ? Answer : Left Handed
Question : What links Colorado and Wyoming ? Answer : Rectangles on USA
Question : What links Ciampino, Lod and Waalhaven ? Answer : Airports Rome Tel
Question : What links Catalonia, Andalusia, Cantabria, Galicia ? Answer : Regions of Spain
Question : What links Cary Grant Mohammed Ali Prince Charles ? Answer : All amateur
Question : What links Caprino Ziegenkase and Gaiskasli ? Answer : Goats Cheese
Question : What links Calabria, Liguria, Puglia and Veneto ? Answer : Regions of Italy
Question : What links Buddy Holly, Lyndon Johnston, Janice Joplin ? Answer : State of Texas
Question : What links Brazil, Uruguay, Mozambique and Angola ? Answer : Colonies of Portugal
Question : What links Bob Hope John Huston Ryon O'Neil Bo Diddley ? Answer : Boxers early in life
Question : What links Bill Clinton Fidel Castro Alb Einstein Jimmy Hendrix ? Answer : Left Handed
Question : What links Bass, Messina, Hormuz and Torres ? Answer : Straits of water
Question : What links Augsburger - La Stampa - El Pais and Duma ? Answer : Newspapers Germany
Question : What links AP AUP CP Reuters ? Answer : News Agencies
Question : What links Alex, Ben, Chrissie and Quint ? Answer : Eaten by Jaws
Question : What links Ada - Lisp - Algol ? Answer : Program Languages
Question : What links a Sylvester Stallone character and Panama ? Answer : Balboa Panama cash
Question : What links a Gig, Spider and Phaeton ? Answer : Horse drawn carriages
Question : What links a bick, throat, half swage, punching hole ? Answer : Anvil they are parts of
Question : What links - Sarte, Neitzsche, Russell and Decartes ? Answer : Philosophers
Question : What links - Goa - Kerula - Assam - Bihar ? Answer : India
Question : What linked Armenia, Georgia, Latvia and Moldavia ? Answer : USSR
Question : What line on a map connects places of equal rainfall ? Answer : Isohyat
Question : What light operas name literally means Honourable Gate ? Answer : The Mikado
Question : What Latin word means elsewhere ? Answer : Alibi
Question : What lasted 5 hours and twelve minutes in 1969 longest ever ? Answer : Wimbledon TV match
Question : What large animal has a less than two inch erect penis ? Answer : Gorilla
Question : What languages appear on the Rosetta stone ? Answer : Egyptian Greek
Question : What language speakers were shot Russia and Germany 1930s ? Answer : Esperanto
Question : What language has the most words ? Answer : English
Question : What language (not dialect) has the most characters in it ? Answer : Cambodian
Question : What lager reached the parts other beers could not reach ? Answer : Heineken
Question : What kind of wood is used on Rolls Royce dashboards ? Answer : Walnut
Question : What kind of person would have had a twat on ? Answer : A Nun part of habit
Question : What kind of material is guipure ? Answer : Lace
Question : What kind of juice goes in a salty dog ? Answer : Grapefruit
Question : What kind of fruit is a kumquat ? Answer : Small Orange
Question : What kind of food is Cullan Skink ? Answer : Fish
Question : What kind of dancer was Mister Bojangles ? Answer : A Tap Dancer
Question : What kind of creature was Sam on the Muppet Show ? Answer : Eagle
Question : What kind of car was the General Lee in Dukes of Hazard ? Answer : Dodge Charger
Question : What kind of car was Kitt in Knight Rider ? Answer : Pontiac Trans Am
Question : What kind of bird is a bourbon ? Answer : Turkey
Question : What kind of animal is Jormangard in Norse mythology ? Answer : Serpent
Question : What kind of animal is Beatrix Potters Mrs Tiggy Winkle ? Answer : Hedgehog
Question : What kind of animal is a lurcher ? Answer : Dog
Question : What kills 100000 Americans each year ? Answer : Reactions to meds
Question : What killed half the US soldiers in WW1 ? Answer : 1918 Flu Epidemic
Question : What killed 23 people in Rostov Russia in July 1923 ? Answer : Giant Hailstones
Question : What key is music written in if it has five flats ? Answer : D flat
Question : What keeps growing until you are 35 then starts to shrink ? Answer : Your Skeleton
Question : What job would regularly use kerfs ? Answer : Carpenter - first cut to
Question : What job would a Foley Artist do ? Answer : Incidental movie
Question : What job Michael Cane Uma Thurman Sidney Poitier common ? Answer : Dish washers
Question : What job links Paul Clifford, Claude Duval, Capt. Macheath ? Answer : Highwayman
Question : What job links Kris Kristoffensen and Gene Roddenbery ? Answer : Both worked as pilots
Question : What job is most likely to make the practitioner an alcoholic ? Answer : Barbers
Question : What job involves walking an average 60 miles in a 5 day week ? Answer : Waiter
Question : What job has the longest lifespan in the USA average age 77 ? Answer : Nuns
Question : What job has a pudentacurist ? Answer : Shapes pussy hair
Question : What job does the Gaffer do in the film industry ? Answer : Chief Electrician
Question : What job does Charlie Browns father do ? Answer : Barber
Question : What job does an Oikologiost do ? Answer : Housekeeper
Question : What job did Ernest Hemmingway do in WW1 ? Answer : Ambulance Driver
Question : What job did Agatha Christies husband do ? Answer : Archaeologist
Question : What Japanese word means good for nothing ? Answer : Yakuza
Question : What Japanese word ironically means " May you live forever " ? Answer : Banzai
Question : What Japanese name means fried food often at the table ? Answer : Tempura
Question : What Japanese dish consists of Tofu Beef and vegetables ? Answer : Sukiyaki
Question : What items name translates as distant voice ? Answer : Telephone
Question : What item would you see on the flag of Malta ? Answer : George Cross
Question : What item used in offices was voted the product of the century ? Answer : The Paperclip
Question : What Italian word means swank ? Answer : Mafia
Question : What Italian stew literally translates as Bone with a Hole ? Answer : Osso Bucco
Question : What Italian habit did Thomas Coyrat introduce to England 1608 ? Answer : Eating with forks
Question : What Italian building material translates as baked earth ? Answer : Terracotta
Question : What islands name is Australian slang for a football shirt ? Answer : Guernsey
Question : What island group is named after a type of crocodile ? Answer : Cayman
Question : What is Xylography ? Answer : Wood Engraving
Question : What is written at the bottom of a Oiuja board ? Answer : Good bye
Question : What is Warren Beatty's first name ? Answer : Henry
Question : What is Virga ? Answer : Rain the don’t reach
Question : What is used to thicken gazpacho ? Answer : Breadcrumbs
Question : What is used to make a classic wiener schnitzel ? Answer : Veal
Question : What is used to flavour Kriek Belgian beer ? Answer : Cherries
Question : What is used in a tempera painting ? Answer : Egg yoke and water
Question : What is unusual about the number 8549176320 ? Answer : Digits alpha order
Question : What is unusual about the nobody crab ? Answer : Transparent appears
Question : What is unusual about The lake of Monteith in Scotland ? Answer : Only one the rest are
Question : What is unusual about the crab eating seal ? Answer : It don't eat crabs
Question : What is unusual about the 1965 horror film Incubus ? Answer : Only one in Esperanto
Question : What is unusual about mating in the whiptail lizard ? Answer : No Males - females
Question : What is unusual about a Racoons penis ? Answer : Contains a bone
Question : What is unique about the pistol star ? Answer : Brightest in sky
Question : What is tripsophillia ? Answer : Arousal from massage
Question : What is Top Kanal in Poland ? Answer : Commercial TV
Question : What is thought to be the oldest English Cheese ? Answer : Cheshire
Question : What is the world's warmest sea ? Answer : The Red Sea
Question : What is the worlds third largest island ? Answer : Borneo
Question : What is the worlds tallest grass ? Answer : Bamboo
Question : What is the worlds oldest snack food - 610 AD ? Answer : The Pretzel
Question : What is the worlds oldest monotheistic religion ? Answer : Judaism
Question : What is the worlds oldest desert - country named after it ? Answer : Namib
Question : What is the worlds most widely used vegetable ? Answer : Onion
Question : What is the worlds most widely eaten fish ? Answer : Herring
Question : What is the worlds most popular green vegetable ? Answer : Lettuce
Question : What is the worlds most popular first name ? Answer : Mohammed
Question : What is the worlds most polluted major city ? Answer : Mexico City
Question : What is the worlds longest race ? Answer : The Whitbread round
Question : What is the worlds longest mountain range ? Answer : The Andes
Question : What is the worlds longest insect ? Answer : Borneo stick insect
Question : What is the worlds largest sea (in area) ? Answer : South China
Question : What is the worlds largest sand island northeast of Brisbane ? Answer : Fraser island
Question : What is the worlds largest rodent ? Answer : Capybara
Question : What is the worlds largest herb ? Answer : Banana
Question : What is the worlds largest food company ? Answer : Nestle
Question : What is the worlds largest airline ? Answer : Aeroflot
Question : What is the worlds fifth largest religion ? Answer : Sikhism
Question : What is the worlds fastest moving insect ? Answer : Tropical Cockroach
Question : What is the worlds biggest profession ? Answer : Teaching
Question : What is the world tallest horse ? Answer : Shire Horse
Question : What is the world largest seed ? Answer : Coco-de-mare palm -
Question : What is the word Taxi short for ? Answer : Taximeter
Question : What is the word (derived from Malay) for unhusked rice ? Answer : Paddy
Question : What is the white trail behind a jet plane made from ? Answer : Ice Crystals
Question : What is the Western ( cowboy ) name for a motherless calf ? Answer : Dogie
Question : What is the Welsh name for Wales ? Answer : Cymru
Question : What is the US slang term for formal male evening dress ? Answer : Monkey Suit
Question : What is the US equivalent of the UK Anglican church ? Answer : Episcopalian
Question : What is the UKs best selling chocolate snack bar ? Answer : Kit Kat
Question : What is the translation of the Greek name Vanessa ? Answer : Butterfly
Question : What is the traditional gift for a sixth wedding anniversary ? Answer : Sugar
Question : What is the traditional gift for a 13th wedding anniversary ? Answer : Lace
Question : What is the traditional curse of Adam that affects most of us ? Answer : Working for a living
Question : What is the top selling candy bar from vending machines ? Answer : Snickers
Question : What is the top New Years Resolution ? Answer : Lose weight
Question : What is the top holiday in the US for candy / sweet sales ? Answer : Halloween
Question : What is the title of the wife of a Marquis ? Answer : Marchioness
Question : What is the Tibetan Yab Yum ? Answer : A sexual position
Question : What is the thing that wives do that annoy most husbands ? Answer : Nag
Question : What is the tenth letter of the Greek alphabet ? Answer : Kappa
Question : What is the technical name for a jigger of grain alcohol ? Answer : A Pony
Question : What is the technical difference between rowing and sculling ? Answer : Rowing means using a
Question : What is the tail fin of a fish called ? Answer : Caudal Fin
Question : What is the subject of the reference book Janes ? Answer : Militaria - Ships
Question : What is the state tree of Idaho ? Answer : White Pine
Question : What is the state song of California ? Answer : I love you California
Question : What is the state insect of Texas ? Answer : Monarch Butterfly
Question : What is the state fruit of Louisiana ? Answer : Strawberry
Question : What is the state fish of Hawaii - in Hawaiian ? Answer : Humunuku Apua'a
Question : What is the state capitol of New Jersey ? Answer : Trenton
Question : What is the state bird of Wisconsin ? Answer : The Robin
Question : What is the staple food of the Maori people of New Zealand ? Answer : Sweet Potato
Question : What is the staple food of one third of the worlds population ? Answer : Rice
Question : What is the smallest state of Australia ? Answer : Tasmania
Question : What is the smallest species of penguin ? Answer : The Fairy Penguin
Question : What is the smallest book in the Library of Congress ? Answer : Old King Cole -
Question : What is the SI unit of power equal to 1.341 horsepower ? Answer : Kilowatt
Question : What is the SI unit of illumination ? Answer : Lux
Question : What is the SI unit of force ? Answer : Newton
Question : What is the SI unit of capacitance ? Answer : Farad
Question : What is the SI base unit of electrical current ? Answer : Amperes
Question : What is the second most common international crime ? Answer : Art theft
Question : What is the second largest city in Ireland ? Answer : Cork
Question : What is the scientific name for the gorilla ? Answer : "Gorilla gorilla-
Question : What is the scent of an artificial hare at greyhound tracks ? Answer : Anise
Question : What is the sacred animal of Thailand ? Answer : The white elephant
Question : What is the sacred animal of Thailand ? Answer : White Elephant
Question : What is the ruling planet of the astrological sign Taurus ? Answer : Venus
Question : What is the royal house of Monaco ? Answer : Grimaldi
Question : What is the Roman Numerals for 4000 ? Answer : MMMM
Question : What is the Roman numerals for 3000 ? Answer : MMM
Question : What is the Roman Numeral for 1000 ? Answer : M
Question : What is the richest natural vegetable food ? Answer : Soya bean
Question : What is the punishment for drunk driving in Norway ? Answer : Three months of
Question : What is the provincial bird of Yukon ? Answer : Raven
Question : What is the phonetic alphabet word for letter P ? Answer : Papa
Question : What is the penalty for drunk driving in Sumatra ? Answer : Loss of a hand
Question : What is the part of a horse between fetlock and hoof called ? Answer : Pastern
Question : What is the Oscar statuette holding ? Answer : Sword
Question : What is the original literal meaning of the word bride ? Answer : To cook (ancient
Question : What is the opposite of wet - if its not wet ? Answer : Sweet
Question : What is the opposite of Plenum ? Answer : Vacuum
Question : What is the opposite of nocturnal ? Answer : Diurnal
Question : What is the only word in English that ends in mt ? Answer : Dreamt
Question : What is the only USA state without a natural lake ? Answer : West Virginia
Question : What is the only silent film to win best picture Oscar ? Answer : Wings
Question : What is the only Shakespeare play that mentions America ? Answer : The Comedy of Errors
Question : What is the only river that flows both north and south of equator ? Answer : The Congo
Question : What is the only patented uniform / costume in the USA ? Answer : Playboy Bunny Girls
Question : What is the only number in English that has letters in alpha order ? Answer : Forty
Question : What is the only insect that can turn its head ? Answer : The praying mantis
Question : What is the only French speaking republic in Americas ? Answer : Haiti
Question : What is the only flavour Jell-o containing any real fruit ? Answer : Cranberry
Question : What is the only flag permitted to be flown over the US flag ? Answer : United Nations Flag
Question : What is the only edible orchid ? Answer : Vanilla
Question : What is the only duty of police Gracthenvissers in Amsterdam ? Answer : Motorists in canals
Question : What is the only creature that can turn its stomach inside out ? Answer : Starfish
Question : What is the only creature born with horns ? Answer : Giraffe
Question : What is the only counties national flag different both sides ? Answer : Paraguay
Question : What is the only Christian country in Asia ? Answer : The Philippines
Question : What is the only breed of dog that gets gout ? Answer : Dalmatian
Question : What is the only bone in the body unattached to any other bone ? Answer : Hyoid in throat
Question : What is the only bird with a fully formed penis ? Answer : Swan
Question : What is the only bird that can smell ? Answer : Emus
Question : What is the only Bible book referred to in a Shakespeare play ? Answer : Numbers in Henry V
Question : What is the oldest soft drink in the USA ? Answer : Doctor Pepper
Question : What is the oldest ship commissioned in the Royal Navy ? Answer : HMS Victory from
Question : What is the oldest registered trade mark still used in USA ? Answer : Red Devil Undewoods
Question : What is the oldest most widely used drug on earth ? Answer : Alcohol
Question : What is the oldest known science ? Answer : Astronomy
Question : What is the oldest known infectious disease ? Answer : Leprosy
Question : What is the oldest known cultivated vegetable ? Answer : The Pea
Question : What is the oldest known alcoholic beverage ? Answer : Mead
Question : What is the oldest country in Europe ? Answer : San Marino 301 ad
Question : What is the oldest bridge over the Seine in Paris ? Answer : Pont Neuf
Question : What is the official title of the ambassador of the Pope ? Answer : Nuncio
Question : What is the official state food of Texas ? Answer : Chilli
Question : What is the official sport of Maryland ? Answer : Jousting
Question : What is the official language of Egypt ? Answer : Arabic
Question : What is the official language of Cuba ? Answer : Spanish
Question : What is the official drink of the state of Ohio ? Answer : Tomato Juice
Question : What is the non obvious link Superman 1 and the Godfather ? Answer : Mario Puzo write both
Question : What is the ninth letter of the Greek alphabet ? Answer : Iota
Question : What is the national sport of Finland ? Answer : Motor Rallying
Question : What is the national religion of Scotland ? Answer : Presbyterianism
Question : What is the national flower of Mexico ? Answer : Dahlia
Question : What is the national flower of Japan ? Answer : Chrysanthemum
Question : What is the national flower of Australia ? Answer : The Wattle Blossom
Question : What is the national drink of Yugoslavia ? Answer : Slivovitz
Question : What is the national drink of Poland ? Answer : Mead
Question : What is the national dish of the Faeroe Islands ? Answer : Puffin stuffed with
Question : What is the National Bird of India ? Answer : Peacock
Question : What is the name on fake credit cards ? Answer : J L Webb
Question : What is the name of Toys R Us Giraffe ? Answer : Geoffrey
Question : What is the name of the Turkish aniseed liqueur trans lions milk ? Answer : Raki
Question : What is the name of the second highest mountain in Africa ? Answer : Mount Kenya
Question : What is the name of the scale measuring depth of coma (GCS) ? Answer : Glasgow Coma Scale
Question : What is the name of the Russian triangular guitar ? Answer : Balalaika
Question : What is the name of the ruling house of Monaco ? Answer : Grimaldi
Question : What is the name of the Paris stock exchange ? Answer : Bourse
Question : What is the name of the metal discs set in a tambourines rim ? Answer : Jingles
Question : What is the name of the largest moon of Jupiter ? Answer : Ganymede
Question : What is the name of the four holy books of the Hindus ? Answer : The Vedas
Question : What is the name of the Flintstones cat ? Answer : Baby-Puss
Question : What is the name of the elephant headed god in India ? Answer : Ganish
Question : What is the name of the cranial bone just above your ear ? Answer : Temporal
Question : What is the name of the Australian Film Institute Award ? Answer : Longford -
Question : What is the name of Superman's Supercat ? Answer : Streaky
Question : What is the name of Snoopy's sister ? Answer : Belle
Question : What is the name of Shakespeare's first play ? Answer : Titus Andronicus
Question : What is the name of Porky Pigs nephew ? Answer : Cicero
Question : What is the name of Porky Pigs father ? Answer : Phineas Pig
Question : What is the name of Paul McCartney's official fan club ? Answer : Club Sandwich
Question : What is the name of Moses and Aaron's sister ? Answer : Miriam
Question : What is the name of Madonna's Chiuhauha ? Answer : Chiquita
Question : What is the name of Fred Flintstones paperboy ? Answer : Arnold
Question : What is the name of Doctor Claws pet in Inspector Gadget ? Answer : Madcat
Question : What is the name of Dennis the Menace's dog ? Answer : Gnasher
Question : What is the name of Data's cat in Star Trek Next Generation ? Answer : Spot
Question : What is the name of Captain Ahab's ship ? Answer : Peaquod
Question : What is the name of Alice's cat Disney Alice in Wonderland ? Answer : Dinah
Question : What is the name for the sacred circle in Tantric Buddhism ? Answer : Mandala
Question : What is the name for the number 1 followed by 100 zeros ? Answer : Google
Question : What is the name for the group of men who elect a Pope ? Answer : College of Cardinals
Question : What is the name for a special vibrator worn with straps ? Answer : A Butterfly
Question : What is the name for a male ferret ? Answer : Jack
Question : What is the name for a chicken less than one year old ? Answer : A Pullet
Question : What is the name for 100th of a second ? Answer : A Jiffy
Question : What is the most varied species on the planet ? Answer : Domesticated dog
Question : What is the most used expression in any language on earth ? Answer : Ok
Question : What is the most tattooed product in the world ? Answer : Harley Davidson
Question : What is the most stolen item in US drugstores ? Answer : Batteries cosmetics
Question : What is the most redesigned appliance in the world ? Answer : Telephone Handset
Question : What is the most profitable section in supermarkets ? Answer : 1 Meat - 2 Fresh veg -
Question : What is the most populous domesticated creature in the US ? Answer : Honey Bees
Question : What is the most popular South American aphrodisiac ? Answer : Piranha head soup
Question : What is the most popular Saints name ? Answer : Felix - 67 John 65
Question : What is the most popular pizza topping in South Korea ? Answer : Tuna
Question : What is the most popular participation sport in Britain ? Answer : Darts
Question : What is the most popular name for a boat ? Answer : Obsession
Question : What is the most popular Mexican beer in the USA ? Answer : Corona
Question : What is the most popular meal ordered in US restaurants ? Answer : Fried Chicken
Question : What is the most popular last name in France ? Answer : Martin
Question : What is the most popular jukebox song of all time ? Answer : Crazy - Patsy Cline
Question : What is the most popular dogs name in the US ? Answer : Max
Question : What is the most played song on radio USA in 20th century ? Answer : You've lost that loving
Question : What is the most ordered seafood item in a restaurant ? Answer : Shrimp
Question : What is the most ordered item in American restaurants ? Answer : French Fries
Question : What is the most mentioned name in the Bible ? Answer : David - Jesus is
Question : What is the most frequently accessed article World Encyclopaedia ? Answer : Snake Information
Question : What is the most frequent cause of business errors ? Answer : Illegible handwriting
Question : What is the most eaten food in the US ? Answer : Milk and Cream
Question : What is the most easy thing to recycle ? Answer : 1 Aluminium 2 Glass
Question : What is the most critical thing keeping bananas fresh transport ? Answer : Temperature not
Question : What is the most consumed fruit in the US ? Answer : Coffee Bean
Question : What is the most commonly used oil in Chinese cookery ? Answer : Groundnut or Peanut
Question : What is the most commonly used descriptive word on menus ? Answer : Mom
Question : What is the most commonly used condiment in the world ? Answer : Mustard
Question : What is the most commonly prosecuted illegal act ? Answer : Speeding
Question : What is the most common surname for Motel owners in the US ? Answer : Patel
Question : What is the most common street name in the USA ? Answer : Park Street
Question : What is the most common Spanish surname ? Answer : Garcia
Question : What is the most common sexually transmitted disease in USA ? Answer : Herpes
Question : What is the most common sexual fantasy act ? Answer : Oral Sex
Question : What is the most common sexual complaint of females over 50 ? Answer : Vaginal Dryness
Question : What is the most common plastic surgery performed USA men ? Answer : Breast Reduction
Question : What is the most common plastic surgery done on US men ? Answer : Breast Reduction
Question : What is the most common name in the Bible ? Answer : Zachariah
Question : What is the most common name for US cities 66 of them ? Answer : Fairview
Question : What is the most common name for Playboy centrefolds ? Answer : Susan
Question : What is the most common mammal in the UK ? Answer : Brown Rat
Question : What is the most common food allergen ? Answer : Nuts
Question : What is the most common fear people have ? Answer : Public Speaking
Question : What is the most common disease in the world ? Answer : Dental Caries
Question : What is the most common breeding bird in the US ? Answer : Red Winged
Question : What is the most chosen name for US schools sports teams ? Answer : Eagles or Tigers
Question : What is the most chemically complex food - over 300 chemicals ? Answer : Chocolate
Question : What is the most assigned book / play in English classes ? Answer : Romeo and Juliet
Question : What is the more popular name for the Londonderry Air ? Answer : Danny Boy
Question : What is the more common name of the Chaparral Cock ? Answer : The Road Runner
Question : What is the more common name of Sildenafil Citrate ? Answer : Viagra
Question : What is the more common name for triatomic oxygen ? Answer : Ozone
Question : What is the more common name for the Buddleia ? Answer : Butterfly Bush
Question : What is the more common name for serigraphy ? Answer : Silk screen printing
Question : What is the more common name for blue corundum ? Answer : Sapphire
Question : What is the more common name for Alkane ? Answer : Paraffin or Kerosene
Question : What is the moons astronomical name ? Answer : Moon
Question : What is the meaning of the Sioux word Tonka - used for toys ? Answer : Great
Question : What is the meaning of Ghandi ? Answer : Grocer
Question : What is the major export of Liechtenstein ? Answer : False Teeth
Question : What is the main ore of aluminium ? Answer : Bauxite
Question : What is the main language of Liechtenstein ? Answer : German
Question : What is the main ingredient of the Indian dish dahl ? Answer : Lentils
Question : What is the main ingredient of tahini used in the Middle East ? Answer : Sesame seed (paste)
Question : What is the main ingredient of Scotch Woodcock ? Answer : Anchovies
Question : What is the main ingredient of sauce Lyonnaise ? Answer : Onions
Question : What is the main ingredient of mock turtle soup ? Answer : Calf's Head
Question : What is the main ingredient of faggots ? Answer : Liver
Question : What is the main ingredient of boxty bread ? Answer : Potatoes
Question : What is the main ingredient of an edible faggot ? Answer : Liver
Question : What is the main ingredient of a moussaka ? Answer : Aubergines
Question : What is the main ingredient of a Maron glace ? Answer : Chestnuts
Question : What is the main ingredient of a booyah ? Answer : Chicken
Question : What is the main ingredient in Borsch ? Answer : Beetroot
Question : What is the main ingredient in a Navarin stew ? Answer : Mutton or Lamb
Question : What is the main food of walruses ? Answer : Clams
Question : What is the main food of the Oyster catcher bird ? Answer : Mussels
Question : What is the main flavouring in a Greek Tzataili sauce ? Answer : Garlic
Question : What is the main flavour of aioli ? Answer : Garlic
Question : What is the magazine of the Salvation Army called ? Answer : The Warcry
Question : What is the magazine of the Jehovah's Witnesses called ? Answer : The Watchtower
Question : What is the lowest title handed down from father to son ? Answer : Baronet
Question : What is the longest river in western Europe ? Answer : The Volga
Question : What is the longest river in Italy ? Answer : Po
Question : What is the longest river in Australia ? Answer : Murray-Darling
Question : What is the longest golf course to stage the British Open ? Answer : Carnoustie 7066 yards
Question : What is the literal translation of terrapin ? Answer : Eatable (Algonquin
Question : What is the literal translation of pot-pouri ? Answer : Putrid Pot
Question : What is the literal translation of haute couture ? Answer : High Sewing
Question : What is the literal meaning of the title Viceroy ? Answer : In place of the King
Question : What is the literal meaning of the Spanish word tapas (snacks) ? Answer : Cover or covers
Question : What is the literal meaning of Kangaroo ? Answer : I don’t understand
Question : What is the literal meaning of Graffiti ? Answer : Scratched Drawings
Question : What is the literal meaning of Cenotaph ? Answer : Empty Tomb
Question : What is the literal Greek translation of Sarcophagus ? Answer : Flesh Eater
Question : What is the leading cause of death in Papua New Guinea ? Answer : Falling out of Trees
Question : What is the leading cause of death in China ? Answer : Respiratory Disease
Question : What is the Latin word for to roll ? Answer : Volvo
Question : What is the Latin word for poison ? Answer : Virus
Question : What is the Latin word for liquid produced by the Ficus Elastica ? Answer : Latex
Question : What is the Latin name for the North Star ? Answer : Polaris
Question : What is the last element - Alphabetically ? Answer : Zirconium
Question : What is the last book of the Old Testament ? Answer : Malachi
Question : What is the last book of the Bible ? Answer : Revelations
Question : What is the largest wild animal in the UK ? Answer : The Scottish red deer
Question : What is the largest state in the USA ? Answer : Alaska
Question : What is the largest species of flatfish ? Answer : Halibut
Question : What is the largest single known gold object in the world ? Answer : Tutankhamens Coffin
Question : What is the largest moon in our solar system ? Answer : Ganymede of Jupiter
Question : What is the largest Island in The Greater Antilles ? Answer : Cuba
Question : What is the largest environmental organisation in the world ? Answer : Greenpeace
Question : What is the largest country in Africa ? Answer : Sudan
Question : What is the largest BBS in the world ? Answer : CompuServe
Question : What is the Japanese Shinkasen ? Answer : High speed Train
Question : What is the Islamic equal to the red cross ? Answer : Red Crescent
Question : What is the Ikurrina ? Answer : Basque Flag
Question : What is the hole in a pencil sharpener called ? Answer : Chuck
Question : What is the Hindu Kush ? Answer : Mountain Range
Question : What is the highest waterfall in the Alps ? Answer : The Richenbach Falls
Question : What is the highest French civil decoration awarded ? Answer : Legion de Honour
Question : What is the Hebrew word for adversary ? Answer : Satan
Question : What is the Greek word for Egyptian ? Answer : Coptic
Question : What is the German word for poison ? Answer : Gift
Question : What is the full name of the creator of Peter Pan ? Answer : James Mathew Barrie
Question : What is the full name of Batman's butler ? Answer : Albert Pennyworth
Question : What is the French phrase that means already seen ? Answer : Déjà vu
Question : What is the fourth most common language in the USA ? Answer : ASL American Sign
Question : What is the food tofu made from ? Answer : soya bean curd
Question : What is the food of the secretary bird ? Answer : Snakes
Question : What is the flower of September ? Answer : Aster or Morning
Question : What is the flavour of a piri-piri sauce ? Answer : Curry
Question : What is the first word sung in Queens Bohemian Rhapsody ? Answer : Is ( Is this the real life)
Question : What is the first race in the Grand Prix season ? Answer : Brazilian
Question : What is the first name of Mr Toad - in Toad of Toad Hall ? Answer : Thaddeus
Question : What is the first name of Agatha Christies Miss Marple ? Answer : Jane
Question : What is the first line on Mel Blanc's tombstone ? Answer : That’s All Folks
Question : What is the first day of Lent ? Answer : Ash Wednesday
Question : What is the final event in the modern pentathlon ? Answer : Horse riding
Question : What is the fastest swimming ocean fish over 60 mph ? Answer : Sailfish - Marlin
Question : What is the fastest racket sport - over 200 mph ? Answer : Badminton
Question : What is the fastest growing religion in Ireland ? Answer : Buddhism
Question : What is the fastest creature raced for sport ? Answer : Pigeon
Question : What is the extinct animal Megantheron better known as ? Answer : Sabre Toothed Tiger
Question : What is the essential ingredient in a Mornay sauce ? Answer : Cheese
Question : What is the English title of Voyna i Mir ? Answer : War and Peace
Question : What is the English name for the constellation Mensa ? Answer : Table
Question : What is the English name for the constellation Hydra ? Answer : Water Snake
Question : What is the derivation of the word vanilla ? Answer : From Latin Vagina
Question : What is the default extension given to paintbrush files ? Answer : It's .bmp
Question : What is The Daily Planet in Australia ? Answer : Biggest Brothel -
Question : What is the current no 1 aphrodisiac (reputedly) ? Answer : Asparagus
Question : What is the currency of Turkey ? Answer : Lira
Question : What is the currency of Egypt ? Answer : The Pound
Question : What is the currency of Austria ? Answer : Schilling
Question : What is the Curia ? Answer : Administration of the
Question : What is the crime of embracery ? Answer : Jury Bribing
Question : What is the correct topping for a pastitsio ? Answer : Béchamel sauce
Question : What is the correct term of address to the Pope ? Answer : Your Holiness
Question : What is the correct name for The Laughing Jackass ? Answer : Kookaburra
Question : What is the correct name for the honey bear or potto ? Answer : Kinkajou
Question : What is the correct name for the flower the Michaelmass Daisy ? Answer : Aster
Question : What is the correct name for food permitted under Moslem laws ? Answer : Hal-al
Question : What is the correct name for a virgin (uncalfed) cow ? Answer : Heifer
Question : What is the correct name for a two handed timber saw ? Answer : Whipsaw
Question : What is the correct name for a male red deer ? Answer : Hart
Question : What is the correct name for a Hawaiian Goose ? Answer : Nene
Question : What is the correct name for a dandelion seed ball ? Answer : A Clock
Question : What is the correct name for a castrated pig ? Answer : Barrow
Question : What is the correct name for a baby otter ? Answer : Kitten
Question : What is the correct name for a baby mink ? Answer : Kit or Kitten
Question : What is the commonest symbol on flags of the world ? Answer : Star
Question : What is the commonest name for a pub in Britain ? Answer : The Red Lion
Question : What is the commonest item traded internationally ? Answer : Petroleum and its by
Question : What is the common two word name for Yuca Brevifolia ? Answer : Joshua Tree
Question : What is the common name of Eucalyptus microtheca ? Answer : Coolabah tree
Question : What is the common name for the star Sirius ? Answer : Dog Star
Question : What is the common name for the astyeroidea ? Answer : Starfish
Question : What is the common name for an integrated circuit ? Answer : A Chip
Question : What is the common name for a five wood in golf ? Answer : Baffy
Question : What is the common name for a birds Ventriculus ? Answer : Gizzard
Question : What is the colour of mourning in Turkey ? Answer : Violet
Question : What is the coldest capital city in the world ? Answer : Ulan Bator Mongolia
Question : What is the closest living relative to the T Rex ? Answer : The Chicken
Question : What is the Chinese word for wind ? Answer : Feng - Shui is water
Question : What is the chemical symbol for tungsten ? Answer : W
Question : What is the characters name of Agent 86 ? Answer : Maxwell Smart
Question : What is the characteristic of an aphyllus plant ? Answer : No leaves
Question : What is the central part of a backgammon board called ? Answer : The Bar
Question : What is the capitol of Venezuela ? Answer : Caracas
Question : What is the capitol of the United Arab Emirates ? Answer : Abu Dhabi
Question : What is the capitol of Morocco ? Answer : Rabat
Question : What is the capitol of Ghana ? Answer : Accra
Question : What is the capitol of Fiji ? Answer : Suva
Question : What is the capitol of Chechnya ? Answer : Grozny
Question : What is the capitol of Belarus ? Answer : Minsk
Question : What is the capital of Sicily ? Answer : Palermo
Question : What is the capital of Panama ? Answer : Panama
Question : What is the brightest star always in the Northern sky ? Answer : Vega
Question : What is the birth flower for January ? Answer : Carnation
Question : What is the biggest tourist attraction in Zambia ? Answer : Victoria falls
Question : What is the best wood for making pencils ? Answer : Incense Cedar
Question : What is the bass Xylophone called ? Answer : Marimba
Question : What is the Badger state ? Answer : Wisconsin
Question : What is the Australian name for a long narrow ox bow lake ? Answer : Billabong
Question : What is the American equivalent of the Irish Poteen ? Answer : Moonshine
Question : What is The Adi Granth ? Answer : Sacred Scriptures
Question : What is the active ingredient in Chinese birds nest soup ? Answer : Bird Spit
Question : What is Thalassophobia a fear of ? Answer : The Sea
Question : What is Terry Wogans real first name ? Answer : Michael
Question : What is taught at the Californian Academy of Tauromaquia ? Answer : Bullfighting
Question : What is tattooed on the Marlboro mans hand ? Answer : An Eagle
Question : What is Switzerland's official name ? Answer : Swiss Confederation
Question : What is Supergirls Kryptonian name ? Answer : Kara
Question : What is studied in the science of somatology ? Answer : The Body
Question : What is studied in Aerology ? Answer : Planet Mars
Question : What is strange about the Golden Queen holly ? Answer : It is male Golden
Question : What is Steganography ? Answer : Invisible ink writing
Question : What is specifically defined as 1/48th of an inch ? Answer : A Hairsbreadth
Question : What is special about the hooded pitohui bird (New Guinea) ? Answer : It’s highly poisonous
Question : What is South Carolinas official state dance ? Answer : The Shag
Question : What is sometimes referred to as Zulu time ? Answer : Greenwich mean time
Question : What is sometimes nicknamed Adams Profession ? Answer : Gardener
Question : What is sometimes known as Goober Grease ? Answer : Peanut Butter
Question : What is Snoopy's mothers name ? Answer : Missy
Question : What is smocking ? Answer : Needlework
Question : What is six inches in height and no bigger by the rules ? Answer : Table Tennis Net
Question : What is singer Elaine Paige's nickname ? Answer : Leather Lungs
Question : What is silviculture ? Answer : Forestry
Question : What is sericulture ? Answer : Growing Silkworms
Question : What is Sekkusu in Japan ? Answer : Sex
Question : What is Sean Connery's real first name ? Answer : Thomas
Question : What is Samsoe a type of ? Answer : Cheese
Question : What is Ronald Reagan's middle name ? Answer : Wilson
Question : What is Romaic ? Answer : The modern Greek
Question : What is roasted in South Africa and eaten like popcorn ? Answer : Termites
Question : What is Rice Paper made from ? Answer : A Tree - The Rice
Question : What is rayon made from ? Answer : Wood pulp
Question : What is Radar from MASH home town ? Answer : Ottumwa - Iowa
Question : What is produced using the Kroll process ? Answer : Titanium
Question : What is produced in a ginnery ? Answer : Cotton
Question : What is pompoir ? Answer : Vaginal muscle
Question : What is polenta ? Answer : Cornmeal and water
Question : What is phonetic alphabet word for U ? Answer : Uniform
Question : What is philography ? Answer : Autograph collecting
Question : What is Pennsylvania's official drink ? Answer : Milk
Question : What is Pennsylvania's main agricultural export ? Answer : Mushrooms
Question : What is Papins Digester - Invented Denis Papin 1679 ? Answer : Pressure Cooker
Question : What is Pancetta ? Answer : Bacon
Question : What is Ordune ? Answer : Arousal by nude pics
Question : What is Orchesis - either professional or amateur ? Answer : Art of Dancing
Question : What is or who carries a flabellum ? Answer : The Popes fan at
Question : What is or was the capitol of Hong Kong ? Answer : Victoria
Question : What is or was a Portuguese moidore ? Answer : A Gold Coin
Question : What is opened somewhere every 4 seconds ? Answer : Can of Spam
Question : What is officially the poorest US state ? Answer : Mississippi
Question : What is never shown in a Las Vegas Casino ? Answer : The Time - No Clocks
Question : What is Nelson Mandela's middle name ? Answer : Rolihlahla
Question : What is named after Dr Ernest Grafenberg ? Answer : The G spot
Question : What is myrmecology the study of ? Answer : Ants
Question : What is Muckle Flugga ? Answer : Rock and Lighthouse
Question : What is mosquitoes main food ? Answer : Nectar from flowers
Question : What is MMM minus MD ? Answer : MD 3000-1500=1500
Question : What is Milan's opera house called ? Answer : La Scala
Question : What is Mexico's largest seaside resort ? Answer : Cancun
Question : What is measured with an ombrometer ? Answer : Rainfall
Question : What is measured with a Snodgrass grathodynamometer ? Answer : Strength Shark Bites
Question : What is measured on the Torro scale ? Answer : Tornados
Question : What is measured on the Gay-Lussac scale ? Answer : Alcohol strength
Question : What is measured in units called phon ? Answer : Sound
Question : What is measured in units called jnd ? Answer : Sensitivity Just
Question : What is measured in Scroville Units ? Answer : Heat of Chillies
Question : What is measured in ohms ? Answer : Electrical resistance
Question : What is measured in grains - four grains to a carat ? Answer : Pearls
Question : What is measured in Darwin's ? Answer : Rate of evolutionary
Question : What is measured by an interferometer ? Answer : Wavelength of light
Question : What is mainly extracted from pitchblende ? Answer : Uranium
Question : What is made in shapes called finger, petticoat and thistle ? Answer : Scottish Shortbread
Question : What is made by the crush tear curl process ? Answer : Tea
Question : What is Lygeristia (a limiting thing) ? Answer : Arousal in darkness
Question : What is Lolita's surname in Vladimere Nabokovs novel ? Answer : Haze
Question : What is located on Boothia's peninsula in Canada ? Answer : North Magnetic Pole
Question : What is Little Red Riding Hoods name ? Answer : Blanchette
Question : What is litmus derived from ? Answer : Lichens
Question : What is Linus last name in the Peanuts cartoons ? Answer : Van Pelt
Question : What is Lieutenant Colombo's first name ? Answer : Philip
Question : What is latke ? Answer : A potato pancake
Question : What is Kumiss made from in Asia ? Answer : Fermented Cows Milk
Question : What is known as Radishes in Denmark ? Answer : Cartoon strip Peanuts
Question : What is Kimogayo in Japan ? Answer : National Anthem
Question : What is Kensington Gore ? Answer : Actors fake blood
Question : What is Kabuki in Japan ? Answer : Common peoples
Question : What is Joeys favourite food in Friends ? Answer : Sandwiches
Question : What is Jane Fonda's middle name ? Answer : Seymour
Question : What is it illegal to pawn in New York ? Answer : American flag
Question : What is it against the law to kill in Pacific Grove California ? Answer : Butterflies - local
Question : What is ipsism another name for ? Answer : Masturbation
Question : What is India's National Flower ? Answer : Lotus
Question : What is Indiana's state bird ? Answer : Cardinal
Question : What is Indiana Jones first name ? Answer : Henry
Question : What is in the tyres of a commercial airline ? Answer : Nitrogen - Air freezes
Question : What is in the Red Data Book ? Answer : Endangered Species
Question : What is in a Ballini cocktail ? Answer : Peaches and Brut
Question : What is ikebana ? Answer : Flower arranging
Question : What is Homer Simpson's middle name ? Answer : Jay
Question : What is Homer Simpsons greatest fear ? Answer : Sock Puppets
Question : What is Greece's second city after Athens ? Answer : Selonika
Question : What is grandpa Simpsons first name ? Answer : Abraham
Question : What is Gohan ? Answer : Japanese Rice
Question : What is Gerber's most popular flavour of baby food ? Answer : Mashed Bananas
Question : What is generally thought to be the oldest breed of dog ? Answer : Chow-Chow
Question : What is fumet ? Answer : Concentrated stock
Question : What is Frances longest river ? Answer : Loire
Question : What is found in one third of American homes ? Answer : Scrabble
Question : What is Fonzies full name on Happy Days ? Answer : Arthur Herbert
Question : What is Foghorn Leghorn's favourite song ? Answer : Camptown Races
Question : What is Falaka ? Answer : Turkish feet beating
Question : What is extracted from the ore cinnabar ? Answer : Mercury
Question : What is extracted from the ore caserite ? Answer : Tin
Question : What is Europe's largest port ? Answer : Rotterdam
Question : What is Erse ? Answer : Irish Gaelic language
Question : What is embolia ? Answer : Hesitations in speech
Question : What is divided into 114 surahs ? Answer : The Koran - Surah =
Question : What is dittology ? Answer : Double meaning
Question : What is Dick Grayson better known as ? Answer : Robin (Batman and Robin)
Question : What is detective Hercules Poirot's brothers name ? Answer : Achille
Question : What is Dennis the Menace's last name ? Answer : Mitchell
Question : What is Damson Cheese ? Answer : Thick Damson Jam
Question : What is Daffy Ducks middle name ? Answer : Dumas
Question : What is Corvus another name for ? Answer : Fellatio (Blowjob)
Question : What is considered to be the worlds fastest team game ? Answer : Ice Hockey
Question : What is considered the most successful poem of all time ? Answer : If - Rudyard Kipling
Question : What is Colombo's first name ? Answer : Phillip
Question : What is classified on the Fujita scale ? Answer : Tornados 1 to 5
Question : What is classified by the A B O system ? Answer : Blood Groups
Question : What is Christmas Disease ? Answer : Mild Haemophilia
Question : What is chiengora ? Answer : Dog Hair spun into
Question : What is Challa ? Answer : Bread - often plaited
Question : What is Carambola ? Answer : Starfruit
Question : What is Canada's oldest city founded in 1608 ? Answer : Quebec
Question : What is Calvados ? Answer : Apple Brandy
Question : What is Burgoo ? Answer : Meat stew
Question : What is Brussels best known statue ? Answer : The Mannequin Pis
Question : What is Britain's most commonly planted tree ? Answer : Sitka Spruce
Question : What is Britain's largest carnivorous animal ? Answer : Badger
Question : What is biltong ? Answer : Dried meat
Question : What is Belleek ? Answer : Type of Pottery
Question : What is Belgium's national Airline ? Answer : Sabina
Question : What is Bart Simpson's middle name ? Answer : JoJo
Question : What is Barbara Streisands middle name ? Answer : Joan
Question : What is banned by public schools in San Diego ? Answer : Hypnotism
Question : What is banned by law in Japanese restaurants ? Answer : Tipping
Question : What is Australia's Barossa valley known for ? Answer : Wine production
Question : What is an onychophagist ? Answer : A nail biter
Question : What is an Oklahoma / Arizona / Harlem credit card ? Answer : Petrol Siphon hose
Question : What is an octothrope ? Answer : The # symbol
Question : What is an Entr'acte in France ? Answer : Interval in Theatre
Question : What is an arras ? Answer : A wall hanging e.g.
Question : What is always served early in a formal Japanese meal ? Answer : Sashimi - raw fish
Question : What is also known as liberty cabbage ? Answer : Sauerkraut
Question : What is Admiral Sir Miles Messervy usually known as ? Answer : M (Bond films)
Question : What is added to brandy to make a sidecar ? Answer : Cointreau or Triple
Question : What is absinthe traditionally flavoured with ? Answer : Wormwood
Question : What is a zinfandel ? Answer : White grape variety
Question : What is a ziggurat ? Answer : Mesopotainian
Question : What is a young pigeon called ? Answer : Squab
Question : What is a young beaver called ? Answer : Kit
Question : What is a wumph ? Answer : Deep thud or noise
Question : What is a wood pussy ? Answer : Slang for skunk
Question : What is a Winter Banana ? Answer : A variety of Apple
Question : What is a Winston Churchill ? Answer : Cigar
Question : What is a Vitrine ? Answer : Glass Display Cabinet
Question : What is a virgule ? Answer : The / slash
Question : What is a Umiak ? Answer : Eskimos large open
Question : What is a tucket ? Answer : Baseball organ music
Question : What is a travelator ? Answer : Horizontal Escalator
Question : What is a Tragopan ? Answer : A Himalayan
Question : What is a toque ? Answer : A Canadian winter hat
Question : What is a Texas Ruby Red ? Answer : Grapefruit
Question : What is a Tambura ? Answer : An Indian long
Question : What is a Tam Tam ? Answer : Orchestral Gong
Question : What is a Tallith ? Answer : Fringed prayer shawl
Question : What is a Sybian ? Answer : Vibrating saddle dildo
Question : What is a SR N4 ? Answer : Hovercraft
Question : What is a spoodle ? Answer : Kitchen instrument
Question : What is a spermologer interested in ? Answer : Trivia
Question : What is a sound below 20 cycles a second called ? Answer : A Woof
Question : What is a snood ? Answer : A kind of hairnet
Question : What is a smew ? Answer : A type of wild duck
Question : What is a shubunkin ? Answer : A goldfish
Question : What is a Shofar ? Answer : Carved Rams Horn
Question : What is a Sam Browne ? Answer : Military belt
Question : What is a runcible spoon ? Answer : A broad Pickle fork
Question : What is a roker ? Answer : A foot long ruler
Question : What is a Rocky mountain canary ? Answer : A Donkey
Question : What is a Roastchaffer ? Answer : A Beetle
Question : What is a quahog ? Answer : Type of clam
Question : What is a quadriga ? Answer : Roman 4 horse chariot
Question : What is a Pygmy Blue ? Answer : Smallest butterfly
Question : What is a pismire ? Answer : An Ant
Question : What is a peruke ? Answer : A wig
Question : What is a percoid ? Answer : A bony fish
Question : What is a Paradiddle ? Answer : Drum Roll
Question : What is a nidologist interested in ? Answer : Birds nests
Question : What is a negus - named after inventor ? Answer : Port Lemon hot sweet
Question : What is a mud puppy ? Answer : American Salamander
Question : What is a moab ? Answer : Type of hat
Question : What is a Mexican Black Howler ? Answer : A Monkey
Question : What is a Merkin - There are two possible correct answers ? Answer : Artificial Vagina -
Question : What is a marcupium ? Answer : A marsupials pouch
Question : What is a male guinea pig called ? Answer : Boar
Question : What is a male camel called ? Answer : Bull
Question : What is a Major Mitchell ? Answer : Australian Cockatoo
Question : What is a Maine Coon once thought to be extinct ? Answer : A 20 lb cat
Question : What is a logogram - a $ sign is one ? Answer : Sign representing a
Question : What is a leprechaun's usual job ? Answer : Cobbler or shoemaker
Question : What is a Lampyris Noctiluca better known as ? Answer : A Glow-Worm
Question : What is a lacuna ? Answer : A Space
Question : What is a Knout ? Answer : Russian flogging whip
Question : What is a Kerry Blue ? Answer : Dog type of Terrier
Question : What is a Kakapoo ? Answer : Nocturnal New
Question : What is a hypocaust ? Answer : Roman Heating
Question : What is a Hummum ? Answer : Turkish bath
Question : What is a hoblet ? Answer : A Vasectomised ferret
Question : What is a Hindi in Turkey ? Answer : A Turkey
Question : What is a hen of the woods ? Answer : A mushroom
Question : What is a Havana Brown ? Answer : A Small Rabbit
Question : What is a half of a half of a half of a half ? Answer : A Sixteenth
Question : What is a Ha Ha ? Answer : Sunken Fence
Question : What is a gurdwara ? Answer : A Sikh temple
Question : What is a Godeminche ? Answer : Penis dildo with balls
Question : What is a goat sucker ? Answer : A Bird
Question : What is a gharial ? Answer : Fish eating Nile
Question : What is a geoduck ? Answer : Clam
Question : What is a Gambrel - One of two answers ? Answer : Sloping Roof or
Question : What is a Flemish Giant ? Answer : Rabbit
Question : What is a Fata Morgana ? Answer : Type of Mirage
Question : What is a dzo ? Answer : Cow Yak cross
Question : What is a dwile ? Answer : A Dishcloth
Question : What is a Dwarf Goby ? Answer : Worlds smallest true
Question : What is a doucet ? Answer : A Stags Testicle
Question : What is a Dolly Varden ? Answer : Large Hat
Question : What is a dogrib ? Answer : A Boat
Question : What is a dhoti ? Answer : An Indian male
Question : What is a Dandie Dinmont ? Answer : Dog - Borders Terrier
Question : What is a curragh ? Answer : Boat
Question : What is a cremnophobe afraid of ? Answer : Falling down stairs
Question : What is a corduroy road made from ? Answer : Logs laid down on
Question : What is a collection of penguins known as ? Answer : Rookery
Question : What is a Chuckwalla ? Answer : Lizard
Question : What is a Chorizo ? Answer : Spicy Sausage
Question : What is a chemically castrated cock called ? Answer : Capon
Question : What is a Charollais ? Answer : Type of Cattle
Question : What is a Characin ? Answer : Small Fish
Question : What is a Cattalo ? Answer : Buffalo and cow cross
Question : What is a cathedra ? Answer : Bishops throne or
Question : What is a casaba ? Answer : A Melon
Question : What is a Caryatid ? Answer : Building support
Question : What is a Caldera ? Answer : Depression left by
Question : What is a cachalot ? Answer : A Sperm Whale
Question : What is a Bunt a part of ? Answer : Section of sail
Question : What is a brickfielder ? Answer : Hot SE Aussie wind
Question : What is a braquette ? Answer : Fake Dick extension
Question : What is a Boodie ? Answer : A Marsupial related
Question : What is a Bodhran used in Ireland ? Answer : Irish Drum over a
Question : What is a Bellwether ? Answer : Leader of flock of
Question : What is a bandy bandy ? Answer : A Snake
Question : What is a baby whale called ? Answer : Calf
Question : What is a baby squirrel called ? Answer : Kit or Kitten
Question : What is a baby rabbit called ? Answer : Kit or Kitten
Question : What is 6 inches bigger in Summer ? Answer : Eiffel tower
Question : What is 42% carbohydrates 5% protein and 53% fat ? Answer : Chocolate
Question : What is 40 in Roman numerals ? Answer : XL
Question : What is 3 for a child 6 a woman 9 for a man ? Answer : Funeral Bell Tolls
Question : What is 2000 in Roman Numerals ? Answer : MM
Question : What is the oldest swimming stroke ? Answer : breaststroke 16th century
Question : What invention was nicknamed the Noisy Serpent in 1902 ? Answer : Vacuum Cleaner
Question : What international rugby team perform The Hakka before match ? Answer : All Blacks
Question : What international airport is identified by the letters CCU ? Answer : Calcutta
Question : What interested a nomologist ? Answer : Scientific Laws
Question : What instrument is sometimes called the clown of the orchestra ? Answer : Bassoon
Question : What instrument is also called the octave flute ? Answer : Piccolo
Question : What instrument does Grumpy play in Disney's Snow White ? Answer : Organ
Question : What instrument did Glen Miller play ? Answer : Trombone
Question : What insect in Spain is known as La Cucaracha ? Answer : The Cockroach
Question : What ingredient must French ice cream contain by law ? Answer : Eggs
Question : What ingredient is always found in a carciofo sauce ? Answer : Artichokes
Question : What ingredient causes the shine in expensive eye shadow ? Answer : Fish Scales
Question : What industry would use a mordant ? Answer : Dying - to fix a colour
Question : What indoor football game is named after the Latin Hobby Falcon ? Answer : Subbuteo
Question : What Indian tribe did the army most often use as scouts ? Answer : Crow
Question : What independent states name has 10 letters only one vowel ? Answer : Kyrgyzstan
Question : What in US are Ambassador Ben Franklin George Washington ? Answer : Suspension Bridges
Question : What in reality was Dr McCoy's medical scanner in Star Trek ? Answer : A Salt Shaker
Question : What in London are the Whitechaple, Courtald and Heywood ? Answer : Art Galleries
Question : What in Japan is a Mawashi ? Answer : Sumo wrestlers belt
Question : What in history were the Beaver, Dartmouth and Eleanor ? Answer : Ships Boston Tea
Question : What in business terms is the IMF ? Answer : International Monetary Fund
Question : What in Arthurian legend was the Siege Perilous ? Answer : Empty Chair for grail
Question : What impressionist painted different views Rouen cathedral ? Answer : Claude Monet
Question : What idea began in London in 1764 ? Answer : House Numbers
Question : What I did for Love came from which Broadway musical show ? Answer : Chorus Line
Question : What hotel hosted the first Oscar ceremony ? Answer : Roosevelt Hotel
Question : What hotel has been the target of the most take over bids ? Answer : The Ritz - Paris
Question : What hospital did Dr Kildare work at ? Answer : Blaire General
Question : What Hollywood star was the inspiration for Bugs Bunny ? Answer : Clark Gable
Question : What Hollywood actress was the Laurence Olivier of Orgasms ? Answer : Hedy Lamarr
Question : What holiday islands have no rivers or lakes - rain water only ? Answer : Bermuda
Question : What holiday is called Head of the World in the Jewish faith ? Answer : Rosh Hashanah
Question : What historical event was referred to as Black 47 ? Answer : Irish Potato Famine
Question : What herb gets its name from Latin for jewel of the sea ? Answer : Rosemary - Ros
Question : What held up a Cricket test Match between England Pakistan ? Answer : Mouse on pitch
Question : What heavyweight boxer was nicknamed The Cinderella Man ? Answer : James J Braddock
Question : What head of Government was the first to give birth in office ? Answer : Benazir Bhutto -
Question : What have men played with for longer than anything else ? Answer : Dice
Question : What have Jan Zajic and Quang Duc got in common ? Answer : Self Immolation
Question : What hath God Wrought was first message sent by Who 1844 ? Answer : S Morse Washington
Question : What has the chemical formula H2O2 ? Answer : Hydrogen Peroxide
Question : What has been called The most unnatural of all perversions ? Answer : Celibacy
Question : What has a palimped got ? Answer : Webbed Feet
Question : What has 32 panels and 642 stitches ? Answer : A football (soccer)
Question : What has 121 holes ? Answer : Chinese Checkerboard
Question : What has 12000 eyes ? Answer : A Butterfly
Question : What happens to 12% of Americans each year ? Answer : Arrested
Question : What happens every 45 seconds in the USA ? Answer : House Fire
Question : What happens every 30 seconds in America ? Answer : Teenage pregnancy
Question : What happened to you if you get a nosicomial condition ? Answer : Infection caught in
Question : What happened to women who tried to watch original Olympics ? Answer : Thrown off cliff
Question : What happened to the man who tried to hang himself over river ? Answer : Rope broke -
Question : What happened to the first traffic lights outside HP 1868 ? Answer : They exploded
Question : What happened to Laika first dog in space ? Answer : Suffocated no air
Question : What happened to golfer Lee Travino on green 13 27 June 1975 ? Answer : Hit by Lightning
Question : What happened to Charles Brooks in 1982 ? Answer : First legal death
Question : What happened to Catherine Eddowes on 30th September 1888 ? Answer : Met Jack the Ripper
Question : What happened July 15 1815 on HMS Bellerophon ? Answer : Napoleon surrendered
Question : What happened in Britain Sept 3rd 1752 ? Answer : Nothing - day never
Question : What happened French President Fronsois Faure on dying 1899 ? Answer : Whore contracted so
Question : What hairs are the last to lose their colour with age ? Answer : Eyelashes
Question : What gun does James Bond traditionally use ? Answer : A Walther PPK
Question : What groups demo rejected by EMI in 1965 cos not own songs ? Answer : The Who
Question : What group were once called The Warlocks ? Answer : The Grateful Dead
Question : What group sang about a Suicide Blonde ? Answer : INXS
Question : What group of people meet at Kingdom Halls ? Answer : Jehovah's Witnesses
Question : What group of animals would be in a clowder ? Answer : Cats
Question : What group had a 70s hit with Ride a White Swan ? Answer : T Rex
Question : What grape variety is used to make champagne ? Answer : Chardonnay
Question : What got named by novelist Gilbert Frankau at a party in 1926 ? Answer : Zip he said Zip its
Question : What golden yellow gem sounds like a fruit related to lemons ? Answer : Citrine
Question : What gives piggy banks their name ? Answer : Pygg - type of clay
Question : What gives onions their distinctive smell ? Answer : Sulphur - taken in
Question : What given out celebrate birthday of King Bjumbal Thailand 1983 ? Answer : Free Vasectomies
Question : What girls name is also a pass made by a bullfighters cape ? Answer : Veronica
Question : What girls name is a type of Australian throwing stick ? Answer : Kylie
Question : What Gilbert & Sullivan operetta was subtitled Bunthorns Bride ? Answer : Patience
Question : What Gilbert & Sullivan operetta subtitled The Peer and the Peri ? Answer : Iolanthe
Question : What gift is given on behalf Saudi Arabia King to Mecca pilgrims ? Answer : Small Bottle Extra
Question : What gets nine inches longer when its up ? Answer : Concord - heat
Question : What gets its name from the Greek meaning large catapult ? Answer : Howitzer
Question : What gets its name from the Aztec meaning bitter water ? Answer : Chocolate - xocatl
Question : What German word is printed on the labels of high quality wine ? Answer : Kabinett
Question : What General Motors plastic bodied car was built in Tennessee ? Answer : Saturn
Question : What gemstone was reputed to heal eye ailments ? Answer : Emerald
Question : What gemstone has a name literally meaning not intoxicated ? Answer : Amethyst
Question : What gems name means sea water in Latin ? Answer : Aquamarine
Question : What gem was Cleopatra's signet ? Answer : The Amethyst
Question : What games name literally means To Grope Frantically ? Answer : Scrabble
Question : What game was patented under the name Sphairistrike ? Answer : Lawn Tennis
Question : What game Johnny Archer Chang Feng-Pang been world champs ? Answer : Nine Ball Pool
Question : What game has only 7 possible opening moves ? Answer : Draughts - Checkers
Question : What fruits do Elephants eat to get pissed ( ferment inside ) ? Answer : Marula
Question : What fruit is used to flavour Southern Comfort ? Answer : Peach
Question : What fruit does not ripen after picking ? Answer : Pineapple
Question : What fruit did Eve give to Adam in the bible ? Answer : Fig - Apple
Question : What fruit can be Red Black or White ? Answer : Currants
Question : What Frenchman was the king of chefs and chef of Kings ? Answer : August Escoffier
Question : What French word means liquor is half frozen ? Answer : Frappe
Question : What French word literally means little skip ? Answer : Cabriolet
Question : What French relish sounds like a machine gun firing ? Answer : Ratatouille
Question : What French cheese is ripened in caves ? Answer : Roquefort ewes milk
Question : What French blue cheese (similar to stilton) is made ewes milk ? Answer : Roquefort
Question : What French actors catch phrase Come with me to the Casbah ? Answer : Charles Boyer - in
Question : What form modern sculpture invented Calder named Dechamp ? Answer : The Mobile
Question : What foodwise is a Fieldlane Duck ? Answer : Baked Sheep's Head
Question : What foods name comes from the Tamil words for Pepper Water ? Answer : Mulligatawny
Question : What food was sent to England in WW2 as part of lease lend ? Answer : Spam
Question : What food was regarded as an aphrodisiac in the Middle Ages ? Answer : Chicken Soup
Question : What food was invented in a sanatorium in 1890 ? Answer : Kellogg corn flakes
Question : What food stuffs name come from the Italian for Pick me Up ? Answer : Tiramisu
Question : What food Scots once refuse to eat cos it was not in the Bible ? Answer : Potato
Question : What food item literally translates as little donkey ? Answer : Burrito
Question : What food item in French literally means twice cooked ? Answer : Biscuit
Question : What food item did Pythagoras advise his followers to avoid ? Answer : Beans
Question : What food item are most people allergic to ? Answer : Cows Milk
Question : What food dishes name translates as pepper water ? Answer : Mulligatawny - from
Question : What food did the Romans call Pointed Stick ? Answer : Broccoli - from
Question : What food are astronauts prohibited before a mission ? Answer : Beans - Farts damage
Question : What fluid ran through the Greek Gods instead of blood ? Answer : Ichor
Question : What flowers name translates from the Greek as Water Vessel ? Answer : Hydrangea
Question : What flowers name derives from the Greek word for testicle ? Answer : Orchid
Question : What flower is the symbol of secrecy ? Answer : Rose
Question : What flower is the symbol of culture ? Answer : The Lotus
Question : What flavours the liquor chambord ? Answer : Raspberries
Question : What flavours root beer ? Answer : Sarsaparilla
Question : What flavours cavatappi al nero pasta ? Answer : Squid Ink
Question : What flavouring is used in the Belgian beer Kriek ? Answer : Cherries
Question : What flavouring is in frangelico liqueur ? Answer : Hazelnuts
Question : What flavour sweet was created for Ronald Regan ? Answer : Blueberry Jelly Babies
Question : What flavour is kirshwasser liqueur ? Answer : Cherry
Question : What flavour is framboise liqueur ? Answer : Raspberry
Question : What fish was the subject of dispute Spain Canada in 1995 ? Answer : Turbot
Question : What fish is known as poor mans lobster ? Answer : Monk Fish
Question : What fish has its head at right angles to its body ? Answer : Sea Horse
Question : What fish can hold objects in its tail ? Answer : Sea Horse
Question : What fish can blink its eyes ? Answer : Shark
Question : What first occurred at California Disneyland in March 1981 ? Answer : Murder
Question : What first name has been used by most presidents ? Answer : James
Question : What first happened on January 4th 1885 Davenport Iowa ? Answer : Appendectomy
Question : What first crossed the English Channel in 1959 ? Answer : Prototype hovercraft
Question : What first appeared on the USA domestic market in 1960 ? Answer : Canned Coca Cola
Question : What first appeared on Page 1 of the Times 3 May 1966 ? Answer : News stories
Question : What first appeared in New York World 21st December 1913 ? Answer : Crossword
Question : What first appeared at the 1928 Winter Olympics ? Answer : Five Olympic Rings
Question : What financial item was introduced to UK in September 1963 ? Answer : American Express
Question : What film won the best visual effects Oscar in 1985 ? Answer : Cocoon
Question : What film won the best sound effects Oscar in 1985 ? Answer : Back to the Future
Question : What film won the best picture Oscar in 1967 ? Answer : In the heat of the night
Question : What film won the best makeup Oscar in 1988 ? Answer : Beetlejuice
Question : What film won the 1943 Oscar as best film ? Answer : Casablanca
Question : What film was a California cinema showing when it went on fire ? Answer : The Towering Inferno
Question : What film star was born in Sakhalin Siberia ? Answer : Yul Bryner
Question : What film star role was played by over 48 different animals ? Answer : Babe the Pig
Question : What film made 58 times - cartoon, porrno, operatic, ballet ? Answer : Cinderella
Question : What film began "Most of what follows is true" ? Answer : Butch Cassidy and the
Question : What fictitious murderer first appeared in String of Pearls 1840s ? Answer : Sweeny Todd
Question : What fictional planet orbited the red star Negus 12 ? Answer : Superman's Krypton
Question : What fictional Englishman belongs to the Ganymede club ? Answer : Jeeves
Question : What fictional doctor employed a butler named Poole ? Answer : Dr Jekyll
Question : What fictional character was "The Napoleon of Crime" ? Answer : Professor Moriaty
Question : What fictional archaeologist trained under Prof Abner Ravenwood ? Answer : Indiana Jones
Question : What Ferrari model was named after the makers son ? Answer : Ferrari Dino
Question : What female name comes from the Greek for foreign woman ? Answer : Barbara
Question : What feature of a triangle makes it scalene ? Answer : Different side lengths
Question : What fashion did General Ambrose Burnside start in Civil War ? Answer : Sideburns
Question : What fashion designers symbol is a swan ? Answer : Gloria Vanderbilt
Question : What fashion designer was responsible for "The New Look" ? Answer : Christian Dior
Question : What fashion designer is credited with the Bob hairstyle ? Answer : Mary Quant
Question : What famous religious hymn by Augustus Montague Toplady ? Answer : Rock of Ages
Question : What famous reference work is illegal in Texas ? Answer : Britannica - It shows
Question : What famous person was born in Ahmaddnagar India ? Answer : Spike Milligan
Question : What famous film maker was first to use the close up ? Answer : David Wark Griffith
Question : What famous battle was fought at Pancenoit ? Answer : Waterloo - (four miles
Question : What family were the last ruling house of Italy ? Answer : Savoy
Question : What family used to live in Bug Tussel ? Answer : The Clampets
Question : What fabled monster has a lions head and a serpents tail ? Answer : Chimera
Question : What explorer wrote the history of the word in prison in 1600s ? Answer : Sir Walter Raleigh
Question : What exploded in 1720 ? Answer : The South Sea Bubble
Question : What exactly are chitterlings ? Answer : Fried animals birds
Question : What event supposedly occurred in the Coenaculum or Cenacle ? Answer : The Last Supper
Question : What event in the Bible occurred at Bethany ? Answer : Raising of Lazarus
Question : What European nation was the first to drink tea ? Answer : The Dutch
Question : What European nation was the first to drink tea ? Answer : The Dutch
Question : What European language is unrelated to any other language ? Answer : Basque
Question : What European country has no rail lines ? Answer : San Marino
Question : What European country has no head of state ? Answer : Switzerland
Question : What European countries national anthem has no official words ? Answer : Spain
Question : What European countries flag is square ? Answer : Switzerland
Question : What European city is nicknamed Auld Reekie ? Answer : Edinburgh
Question : What European capitol stands on the river Aare ? Answer : Berne Switzerland
Question : What European capital city is NOT on a river ? Answer : Madrid
Question : What eponymous Dickens character born with a caul over head ? Answer : David Copperfield
Question : What English word meaning disaster comes from Italian for flask ? Answer : Fiasco
Question : What English word comes from Latin for Sheath for a Sword ? Answer : Vagina
Question : What English king was killed with a red hot poker up his arse ? Answer : Edward 2nd
Question : What English brand of sherry is considered the King desert wine ? Answer : Harvey's Bristol
Question : What emperor ordered St Peter crucified ? Answer : Nero
Question : What emergency safety device was first used in 1945 ? Answer : Ejector Seat
Question : What elements name comes from the Greek word for violet ? Answer : Iodine
Question : What elements name comes from the Greek meaning lazy ? Answer : Argon
Question : What elements name comes from the Greek for light bearing ? Answer : Phosphorous
Question : What element was named after the Greek word for green ? Answer : Chlorine
Question : What element is present in all organic compounds ? Answer : Carbon
Question : What Egyptian word means life force was on title Wheatly novel ? Answer : Ka
Question : What East Indian herb of the family Pedaliaceae linked Ali Baba ? Answer : Sesame
Question : What drink was named after 5th child Henry 8 Catherine of Aragon ? Answer : Bloody Mary
Question : What drink began in Morison's drug store Waco Texas in 1885 ? Answer : Dr Peppers
Question : What domesticated pet is never mentioned in the Bible ? Answer : Cats
Question : What dog in ancient China was restricted to the aristocracy ? Answer : Pekinese
Question : What dog has the best eyesight ? Answer : Greyhound
Question : What does Zip stand for in the American Zip Code ? Answer : Zone Improvement
Question : What does YoYo mean in English ? Answer : Come-Come
Question : What does WD stand for in WD 40 ? Answer : Water Displacer
Question : What does Vodka literally mean ? Answer : Little Water
Question : What does Trivia literally mean ? Answer : Three Roads
Question : What does the word Grizzly mean - as in Grizzly bear ? Answer : Grey - but they are
Question : What does the word economy mean in original Greek ? Answer : Home Management
Question : What does the word Desert (from Latin desertus) translate as ? Answer : Abandoned
Question : What does the VO on a bottle of Seagrams stand for ? Answer : Very Old
Question : What does the syrinx help a bird to do ? Answer : Sing
Question : What does the sun in SUN Microsystems stand for ? Answer : Stanford University
Question : What does the reference book Crockfords list ? Answer : Church of England
Question : What does the name Tokyo mean ? Answer : Eastern City
Question : What does the name Tabitha mean ? Answer : Gazelle
Question : What does the name Stephen mean - from the Greek ? Answer : Crown
Question : What does the name Mesopotamia mean ? Answer : Between two Rivers
Question : What does the name Ghengis Khan mean ? Answer : Very Mighty Ruler
Question : What does the name Dracula mean in Romanian ? Answer : Son of the Devil
Question : What does the name Barbara mean - from Greek ? Answer : Strange or Foreign
Question : What does the Latin phrase Ex Mores mean ? Answer : According to Custom
Question : What does the initials NMT on a prescription mean ? Answer : Not More Than -
Question : What does the girls name Zoe mean ? Answer : Life
Question : What does the girls name Rebecca mean ? Answer : Noose
Question : What does the girls name Linda mean ? Answer : Serpent - meaning
Question : What does the girls name Irene mean ? Answer : Peace - Greek
Question : What does the girls name Donna mean ? Answer : Lady - From Latin
Question : What does the girls name Deborah mean ? Answer : Bee - from Hebrew
Question : What does the girls name Amy mean ? Answer : Fit to be loved - from
Question : What does the German word Panzer literally mean ? Answer : Armour
Question : What does the family name Perkins mean ? Answer : The Rock
Question : What does the entire economy of the island of Nauru depend on ? Answer : Bird shit - Guano
Question : What does the energiser bunny wear on his feet ? Answer : Flip flops
Question : What does the DIN number mean on photographic film ? Answer : Speed of film
Question : What does the boys name Paul mean ? Answer : Small - from Latin
Question : What does the boys name Neil mean ? Answer : Champion - Irish
Question : What does the black and white BMW logo represent ? Answer : Spinning Propeller -
Question : What does the Australian slang word Hooroo mean ? Answer : Good bye
Question : What does Stet mean to a printer ? Answer : Let the Original stand
Question : What does sputnik literally mean ? Answer : Fellow Traveller
Question : What does soviet mean ? Answer : Workers Council
Question : What does Scotland export to Saudi Arabia ? Answer : Sand
Question : What does roulette literally mean ? Answer : Little Wheel
Question : What does ring a ring a roses refer to ? Answer : The Black Death
Question : What does rabbi literally mean ? Answer : My Master
Question : What does pp on a music score mean ? Answer : Very quietly
Question : What does per capita literally mean ? Answer : Per Head
Question : What does Monaco get most of its income from ? Answer : Gambling Casinos etc
Question : What does Mit Hefe on a German beer bottle mean ? Answer : With Yeast
Question : What does Magna Carta literally mean ? Answer : Great Charter
Question : What does ludo mean (literally) ? Answer : I Play
Question : What does lager literally mean in German ? Answer : Storage
Question : What does Karaoke literally mean ? Answer : Empty Orchestra
Question : What does it mean in the UK if a telephone number starts 0800 ? Answer : It’s a free call - toll
Question : What does Intel stand for ? Answer : Integrated Electronics
Question : What does hours d'oeurve literally mean ? Answer : Out of course hence
Question : What does Honolulu mean in Hawaiian ? Answer : Sheltered Harbour
Question : What does GP mean on a music score when all players silent ? Answer : General Pause
Question : What does Dorethy have to steal from the wicked witch in oz ? Answer : Her Broomstick
Question : What does CMOS stand for in a computer ? Answer : Complimentary metal
Question : What does anti pasta literally mean ? Answer : Before the meal
Question : What does an otologist study ? Answer : The ear and its
Question : What does an icthyophage do ? Answer : Eats Fish
Question : What does an aronophobe fear ? Answer : Internet
Question : What does an armadillo taste like ? Answer : Pork
Question : What does an anthrophage practice ? Answer : Cannibalism
Question : What does an alopecia sufferer lack ? Answer : Hair
Question : What does an Alexandra taste of ? Answer : Chocolate
Question : What does AMSTRAD stand for ? Answer : Alan Michael Sugar
Question : What does Abraham Lincoln never do in any photographs ? Answer : Smile
Question : What does a Zamboni do ? Answer : Machine cleans ice
Question : What does a Yellow Flag Red stripes mean in motor racing ? Answer : Slippery Track
Question : What does a tsiologist study ? Answer : Tea
Question : What does a thurifer do ? Answer : Swing censor
Question : What does a tailor do with his plonker ? Answer : Press suits
Question : What does a Stupprator prefer sexually ? Answer : Virgins
Question : What does a sacerdotal person study for ? Answer : The priesthood
Question : What does a racoon do before eating its food ? Answer : Washes it in water
Question : What does a Puissance event test in showjumping ? Answer : High Jump wall
Question : What does a psephologist study ? Answer : Voting - Elections
Question : What does a potometer measure ? Answer : Water intake
Question : What does a polythesistic person believe in ? Answer : Many Gods
Question : What does a polyandric women have more than one of ? Answer : Husband
Question : What does a pluviomoter measure ? Answer : Rainfall
Question : What does a phlebotomist do ? Answer : Draws blood samples
Question : What does a philologist study ? Answer : Languages
Question : What does a phillumenist collect ? Answer : Matchbox labels
Question : What does a Pangram contain ? Answer : All letters in alphabet
Question : What does a necrographer do ? Answer : Writes Obituaries
Question : What does a myrmecologist study ? Answer : Ants
Question : What does a manometer measure ? Answer : Gas pressure
Question : What does a librettist do ? Answer : Write words to opera
Question : What does a lachrymose person do - a lot ? Answer : Cry
Question : What does a kymograph measure ? Answer : Oscillations
Question : What does a konimeter measure ? Answer : Dust
Question : What does a kayser measure ? Answer : Waves
Question : What does a Jingling Johnny do in Australia ? Answer : Manually shear sheep
Question : What does a hypodermic literally mean ? Answer : Under skin
Question : What does a hyperphiliac suffer from ? Answer : Great desire for sex
Question : What does a hygrometer measure ? Answer : Humidity
Question : What does a hotwalker do ? Answer : Walks a hot racehorse
Question : What does a Hafiz know ? Answer : Koran by Heart
Question : What does a Grabatologist collect ? Answer : Ties
Question : What does a gozzard have or own ? Answer : Geese
Question : What does a geophage enjoy ? Answer : Eating earth
Question : What does a Geophage do ? Answer : Eats earth
Question : What does a galactophagist drink ? Answer : Milk
Question : What does a funambulist do ? Answer : Tightrope walker
Question : What does a Erotophobe fear ? Answer : Sexual Love
Question : What does a drosomoter measure ? Answer : Dew
Question : What does a croque Madame have that a croque monsieur don’t ? Answer : Egg on top - Cheese
Question : What does a crapulent person suffer from ? Answer : Drunkenness
Question : What does a Coprophobe fear ? Answer : Crap - Shit - Faeces
Question : What does a copoclephist collect ? Answer : Key Rings
Question : What does a CAT scan stand for ? Answer : Computerised Axial
Question : What does a carpophagus animal feed on ? Answer : Fruit
Question : What does a callipygian person have ? Answer : Pretty shaped buttocks
Question : What does a Caligynephobe fear ? Answer : Beautiful Women
Question : What does a cadastral map show ? Answer : Large scale individual
Question : What does a blue flag white cross mean in motor racing ? Answer : Give way or be
Question : What does a Belly Man do for a living ? Answer : A Piano Tuner
Question : What do zoologists call the leader of a wolf pack ? Answer : The alpha male
Question : What do you give on the third wedding anniversary ? Answer : Leather
Question : What do you do with a hassock ? Answer : Kneel on it in church
Question : What do you do to see phosphenes ? Answer : Shut eyes flashing
Question : What do you call the cap on a fire hydrant ? Answer : A Bonnet
Question : What do you add to vegetables to make the dish salmagundi ? Answer : Duck or Chicken
Question : What do Yoni worshipers worship ? Answer : Female Genitals
Question : What do we call what the Japanese call Oshugatsu ? Answer : New Year
Question : What do ungulate animals alone have ? Answer : Hooves
Question : What do toads do before mating ? Answer : Sing
Question : What do the quarters of a hot cross bun symbolise ? Answer : Four Seasons
Question : What do the letters MG stand for on cars ? Answer : Morris Garages
Question : What do the initials IOU stand for on an IOU ? Answer : I Owe Unto
Question : What do the initials Bt mean after a surname ? Answer : Baronet
Question : What do the Germans now celebrate on October 3rd ? Answer : Unity day
Question : What do the four quarters of a hot cross bun symbolise ? Answer : Moon phases
Question : What do the EPPY awards honour ? Answer : Electronic editions of
Question : What do the Chinese regard as the highest form of visual art ? Answer : Calligraphy
Question : What do the 4 of top 10 children's authors have in common ? Answer : British - Blyton Dahl
Question : What do Stacey Keach and Oscar Wilde have in common ? Answer : Reading Jail
Question : What do Ombrophobes fear ? Answer : Rain
Question : What do male butterflies like to lick ? Answer : Stones - to get
Question : What do lentic fish like that lotic fish don’t ? Answer : Lentic still waters
Question : What do humans get from the Cassava ? Answer : Tapioca
Question : What do homodonts have that hetrodonts don’t ? Answer : Same shaped teeth
Question : What do Fromologists collect ? Answer : Cheese labels
Question : What do fennel leaves taste of ? Answer : Aniseed
Question : What do ensign, cadet, osprey and 505 have in common ? Answer : Sailing Dinghy's
Question : What do dieters say is the most difficult food to give up ? Answer : Cheese
Question : What do deciduous trees do ? Answer : Lose their leaves in winter
Question : What do cockroaches do every fifteen minutes ? Answer : Fart
Question : What do chimpanzees do when nervous ? Answer : Masturbate
Question : What do callipygian people have ? Answer : Prettily shaped
Question : What do Beavis and Butt-head have on their T shirts ? Answer : Metallica - AC/DC
Question : What do astronomers call the red sky before sunrise ? Answer : Aurora
Question : What do Al Gore and Tommy Lee Jones have in common ? Answer : At Harvard Together
Question : What distinguished the 9th and 10th Cavalry ? Answer : All Black Regiments
Question : What Disney film was released on December 21st 1960 ? Answer : Swiss Family
Question : What Disney film features the song "Give a little Whistle" ? Answer : Pinocchio
Question : What Disney character was voiced by Pinto Colvig ? Answer : Sleepy
Question : What Disney animated feature was the first with end credits ? Answer : Alice in Wonderland
Question : What disease is spread in minute water droplets ? Answer : Legionnaires Disease
Question : What dinosaurs name translates as three horned ? Answer : Triceratops
Question : What dinosaurs name translates as roof lizard ? Answer : Stegosaurus
Question : What digit does not exist in Roman Numerals ? Answer : Zero
Question : What did William Young invent in 1800 ? Answer : Different shoes left
Question : What did William Addis invent in prison ? Answer : Toothbrush
Question : What did Trevor Baylis invent ? Answer : Clockwork Radio
Question : What did the word hussy originally mean ? Answer : Housekeeper
Question : What did the word bald originally mean ? Answer : Clean or White
Question : What did the Victorians call servant regulators ? Answer : Alarm Clocks
Question : What did the US government call predawn vertical insertion ? Answer : Invasion of Granada
Question : What did the S stand for in Harry S Truman ? Answer : Nothing
Question : What did The Musician Union ban on TV in 1966 ? Answer : Artists miming to
Question : What did the first issue of Playboy in 1953 not have ? Answer : Date - unsure if it
Question : What did the Ayatollah Khomeni ban in 1979 ? Answer : Music on radio
Question : What did the ancient Romans throw at weddings ? Answer : Wheat
Question : What did the ancient Greeks use instead of soap ? Answer : Olive Oil
Question : What did the ancient Greeks call the fear of woods and forests ? Answer : Panic from god Pan
Question : What did Teddy Roosevelt ban from the White House ? Answer : Christmas trees
Question : What did Tantalus serve to the Gods that caused his punishment ? Answer : His dismembered son
Question : What did table tennis balls used to be made from ? Answer : Cork
Question : What did Spanish scientists fit to cows to increase milk yield ? Answer : False Teeth
Question : What did Sir Humphry Davy say was his best discovery ? Answer : His student Michael
Question : What did Simon of Cyrene do in The Bible ? Answer : Carry Christ's cross
Question : What did Scott find at the North Pole ? Answer : Nothing - he never
Question : What did sailors often have tattooed on backs to stop flogging ? Answer : A Cross
Question : What did Robert Ballard discover in 1985 ? Answer : The Titanic
Question : What did Popeye eat for strength before spinach ? Answer : Garlic
Question : What did Pope John XX1 use as effective eyewash ? Answer : Babies Urine
Question : What did Peter Sellers use as an ink blotter in the Pink Panther ? Answer : A Cat
Question : What did Paceard and Balmat conquer in 1786 ? Answer : Mont Blanc
Question : What did Oliver Pollock invent in 1778 ? Answer : The dollar sign $
Question : What did model manufacturers Airfix first make ? Answer : Plastic Combs
Question : What did Mege-Mouries invent in 1870 winning a Napoleon prize ? Answer : Margarine
Question : What did mathematician John Napier invent in 1614 ? Answer : Logarithms
Question : What did Marlon Brando and George C Scott refuse ? Answer : Oscars
Question : What did Joseph Gayetty invent in 1857 ? Answer : Toilet Rolls
Question : What did John Montague invent ? Answer : The sandwich - He
Question : What did Jack Horner pull from his pie ? Answer : Plum
Question : What did J Edgar Hoover call home of disease bribery rape ? Answer : Motels
Question : What did J Edgar Hoover bar people from walking on ? Answer : His Shadow
Question : What did God create on the fifth day (both) ? Answer : Sea creatures and
Question : What did George Washington soak his wooden teeth in for taste ? Answer : Port
Question : What did Francis Bacon call The Purest of Pleasures ? Answer : The Garden
Question : What did Farters collect ? Answer : Pigs - its an old
Question : What did Emily Davidson do ? Answer : Suicide under kings
Question : What did Einstein call "the most difficult thing to understand" ? Answer : Income Taxes
Question : What did Ed Peterson invent ? Answer : Egg McMuffin
Question : What did drinkers first see on Jan 24 1935 ? Answer : Beer Can
Question : What did Dr Samuel Mudd do that your inspired "name is mud" ? Answer : Treated J W Booth
Question : What did D H Laurence do with his horse Aaron when it died ? Answer : Had the skin made a
Question : What did composer Berlioz originally study ? Answer : Medicine
Question : What did Canada's Grand Falls change their name to 1964 ? Answer : Churchill
Question : What did Britain swap Havana for with Spain in 1763 ? Answer : Florida
Question : What did Brian Epstein manage before the Beatles ? Answer : A Record Shop
Question : What did Benjamin Franklin claim as his trade ? Answer : Printer
Question : What did Beethoven do before composing ? Answer : Put head in cold water
Question : What did Barbie first get in 1962 ? Answer : Her car made by Irwin
Question : What did Barbie do in 1977 ? Answer : Smile
Question : What did Aristotle claim as the most delicate of table meats ? Answer : Camel
Question : What did archers at the ancient Olympics use as targets ? Answer : Tethered Doves
Question : What did Anna Sage "The lady in Red do" ? Answer : Betray John Dillinger
Question : What did ancient Egyptians rub on their dicks to enlarge them ? Answer : Crocodile shit
Question : What did Alfred Hormel invent ? Answer : Spam
Question : What did alchemists seek to turn base metals into gold ? Answer : Philosophers Stone
Question : What did a clue originally mean ? Answer : Ball of Thread
Question : What dictator was the first to be abducted prosecuted USA drugs ? Answer : General Manual
Question : What device did Henry Doherty patent in 1972 ? Answer : Pooper Scooper
Question : What desert wine is a normal ingredient of zabaglione ? Answer : Marsala
Question : What dance is usually performed to Orpheus in the Underworld ? Answer : Can Can
Question : What currency consists of 100 Groschen ? Answer : Austrian Schilling
Question : What culture introduced hats and crackers at Xmas season ? Answer : Ancient Rome
Question : What crime did Theresa Vaughn commit 62 times in 5 years ? Answer : Bigamy - Tried 1922
Question : What crime causes the second most number arrests in USA ? Answer : Drink Driving
Question : What creatures sex act lasts exactly two seconds ? Answer : Mosquito
Question : What creature, when drunk, always falls on its right side ? Answer : An Ant
Question : What creature will only mate if the females mouth is full ? Answer : Spiders
Question : What creature make the loudest noise - 188 decibels ? Answer : Blue Whale
Question : What creature is the symbol of medicine ? Answer : Snake
Question : What creature is the symbol of Bacardi ? Answer : Bat
Question : What creature is nicknamed the old man of the sea ? Answer : Sea Otter - it's white
Question : What creature in nature is most sensitive to heat ? Answer : Rattlesnake organs
Question : What creature has seven penises assorted shapes sizes ? Answer : Cockroach
Question : What creature has a penis 20 times the length of its body ? Answer : Barnacle
Question : What creature gets its name from the Greek word for womb ? Answer : Dolphin from Delphis
Question : What creature gets its name for the Spanish for slowly ? Answer : Remora
Question : What creature can live up to one year without eating ( you? ) ? Answer : Bedbug
Question : What creature can be Indian, white or broad lipped ? Answer : Rhinoceros
Question : What creature called reem in Hebrew mentioned in Deuteronomy ? Answer : Unicorn - but reem
Question : What county has the largest army in the world ? Answer : China
Question : What county has its map on its flag ? Answer : Cyprus
Question : What county has a national dog (only one country has one) ? Answer : Netherlands
Question : What county first used pepper ? Answer : China
Question : What country would you go to find Pervy Shag ? Answer : Russia
Question : What country was ruled by the Schleswig-Holstein dynasty ? Answer : Greece
Question : What country was once named New France ? Answer : Canada
Question : What country used the ringgit as currency ? Answer : Malaysia
Question : What country used the first aircraft equipped bomber in war ? Answer : Italy Italian Turkish
Question : What country spends the most per capita in casinos ? Answer : Australia
Question : What country produces the most tobacco in the world ? Answer : China
Question : What country makes Sukhindol wine ? Answer : Bulgaria
Question : What country launched its first space rocket January 1961 ? Answer : Italy
Question : What country issued a banana shaped stamp ? Answer : Tonga
Question : What country is the worlds oldest functioning democracy ? Answer : Iceland
Question : What country is the worlds largest exporter of Frogs Legs ? Answer : Japan
Question : What country is the world leader in Cobalt Mining ? Answer : Zaire
Question : What country is the home of the Ashanti people ? Answer : Ghana
Question : What country is ruled by King Hans Adam II ? Answer : Liechtenstein
Question : What country is nearest to the North Pole ? Answer : Greenland
Question : What country is known to its inhabitants as Suomen Tasavalta ? Answer : Finland
Question : What country is coffee originally from ? Answer : Ethiopia
Question : What country invented Phonecards ? Answer : Italy
Question : What country invented cheesecake ? Answer : Greece
Question : What country invented castanets ? Answer : Egypt
Question : What country introduced the secret ballot for government 1856 ? Answer : Australia - Victoria 27
Question : What country in distance is furthest from New Zealand ? Answer : Spain
Question : What country holds the Olympic polo championship ? Answer : Argentina last
Question : What country has two AK47 assault rifles on it's flag ? Answer : Mozambique
Question : What country has three capital cities Admin Legislate Judicial ? Answer : South Africa
Question : What country has the worst roads averaging 10 deaths per mile ? Answer : Portugal
Question : What country has the worlds oldest National Anthem ? Answer : Netherlands
Question : What country has the worlds most vending machines per capita ? Answer : Japan
Question : What country has the worlds largest merchant navy ? Answer : Liberia
Question : What country has the most Post Offices ? Answer : India
Question : What country has the most elephants ? Answer : Tanzania
Question : What country has the most doughnut shops per capita ? Answer : Canada
Question : What country has the most bookshops per head population ? Answer : New Zealand
Question : What country has the lowest teen pregnancy rate Western world ? Answer : Netherlands
Question : What country has the highest voting age 25 ? Answer : Andorra
Question : What country has a regiment of bicycle mounted soldiers ? Answer : Switzerland
Question : What country has a Bible on its flag ? Answer : Dominican Republic
Question : What country had three presidents - in the same day ? Answer : Mexico
Question : What country had the first banknotes ? Answer : Sweden China paper
Question : What country had an airline called Rottnest ? Answer : Australia
Question : What country finally adopted the Gregorian calendar in 1752 ? Answer : England
Question : What country excludes women from the graveside rituals ? Answer : China
Question : What country eats the most cereal per capita ? Answer : Turkey
Question : What country eats most turkey per capita annually ? Answer : Israel
Question : What country drinks the most beer ? Answer : Germany
Question : What country drink the most milk per capita ? Answer : Iceland
Question : What country does French toast come from ? Answer : Italy - Rome
Question : What country does China have its longest land border with ? Answer : Mongolia
Question : What country do Great Danes come from ? Answer : Germany
Question : What country do Brazil nuts come from ? Answer : Bolivia
Question : What country did the USA defend in the Spanish American war ? Answer : Cuba
Question : What country did Italy invade in 1935 ? Answer : Abyssinia - Ethiopia
Question : What country designed and developed the bayonet ? Answer : France
Question : What country declared itself first atheist state in 1967 ? Answer : Albania - banned
Question : What country consumes the most tea per capita ? Answer : Ireland
Question : What country consumes the most meat per capita 124 lb ? Answer : Argentina
Question : What country consumes the most fish per capita ? Answer : Japan
Question : What country consumes the most coke per capita ? Answer : Iceland
Question : What country consumes the most coffee per capita 25 Lb ? Answer : Finland
Question : What country consumes the most coal each year ? Answer : China
Question : What country consumes the most calories per capita ? Answer : Ireland
Question : What country calls itself Republika Shqiperise ? Answer : Albania
Question : What country awards the Nobel peace prize ? Answer : Norway
Question : What country - largest earthquake of 20th cent 8.6 Richter 1906 ? Answer : Colombia
Question : What countries women most likely to have sex on a first date ? Answer : Australia 13%
Question : What countries women are most likely to have sex daily ? Answer : Russia 20% 74%
Question : What countries presidents Yusof Bin Ishak and Wee Kim Wee ? Answer : Singapore
Question : What countries people spend most private money on recreation ? Answer : Taiwan's
Question : What countries people had the longest life expectation ? Answer : Iceland
Question : What countries official name is Bharat ? Answer : India - in Hindi
Question : What countries native name is Land of the long white cloud ? Answer : Aoteraroa - New
Question : What countries national anthem is The Patriotic Song ? Answer : Russia
Question : What countries national anthem is The Bayambo song ? Answer : Cuba
Question : What countries nation anthem is Land of Two Rivers ? Answer : Iraq
Question : What countries name translates as lion mountains ? Answer : Sierra Leone
Question : What countries monetary unit is also the bird on its flag ? Answer : Guatemalan Quetzal
Question : What countries leader does not have an official residence ? Answer : Cuba
Question : What countries language is Magyar ? Answer : Hungary
Question : What countries international car registration letters are DZ ? Answer : Algeria
Question : What countries highest award is The Order of the Elephant ? Answer : Denmark
Question : What countries head of state has been dead for years ? Answer : North Korea - Mr Kim
Question : What countries flag red circle on green background ? Answer : Singapore
Question : What countries flag has two bars white top red bottom ? Answer : Poland
Question : What countries dialects has varieties called Twi and Fanti ? Answer : Ghana
Question : What countries days include Fire day, Water day and wood day ? Answer : Japan Tue Wed Thu
Question : What countries brides get the most diamond engagement rings ? Answer : Canada
Question : What counties national drink is called aizag pronounced I shag ? Answer : Mongolian mares milk
Question : What could Victorian advertisements not show ? Answer : Beds - hidden behind
Question : What could an Australian win a Stanley for ? Answer : Cartooning
Question : What confection named for a French field marshal chef made it ? Answer : Praline
Question : What conc. product carried in tankers has a hazardous sign ? Answer : Coca Cola
Question : What composer wrote the Pomp and Circumstance marches ? Answer : Edward Elgar
Question : What composer was the there of the 1947 film Song of Love ? Answer : Johannes Brahms
Question : What composer boasted "I could set a laundry list to music" ? Answer : Rossini
Question : What company was the first to mass produce watches in 1893 ? Answer : Ingersoll - sold $1
Question : What company used to be called The Haloid Company ? Answer : Xerox
Question : What company produces Olympia beer ? Answer : Miller in USA
Question : What company pioneered floppy discs ? Answer : IBM
Question : What company owns Rolls Royce motors ? Answer : Volkswagen
Question : What company introduced the first commercial minicomputer 65 ? Answer : DEC
Question : What company first guaranteed satisfaction or your money back ? Answer : Montgomery Ward
Question : What company did actor Brad Pitt model for ? Answer : Levis
Question : What company developed the dot matrix printer for 64 Olympics ? Answer : Seiko
Question : What company created the gif image file format ? Answer : CompuServe
Question : What companies cars are nicknamed mopars ? Answer : Chrysler
Question : What common word in Morse is -- --- -- ? Answer : MOM
Question : What common word comes from two Greek art/craft area study ? Answer : Technology tekhne
Question : What common word comes from the Latin for who are you ? Answer : Quiz
Question : What common word comes from the French for purse or wallet ? Answer : Budget
Question : What common word comes from Knights after the Crusades ? Answer : Freelance
Question : What common sign derived from the Medici family crest ? Answer : Pawnbrokers balls
Question : What common legal item literally means under penalty ? Answer : Subpoena
Question : What common item were once called moth patches ? Answer : Freckles
Question : What common item was a sign of wealth in 19th century England ? Answer : An Umbrella
Question : What common item in India are Round ? Answer : Playing Cards
Question : What common item has a coil, point, sheath and two shafts ? Answer : Safety Pin
Question : What common item has 32 points ? Answer : The compass
Question : What common British river name come from Celtic for river ? Answer : Avon
Question : What common 4 legged animals never walk or trot ? Answer : Rabbits
Question : What comes in varieties freestone and clingstone ? Answer : Peaches
Question : What comes in varieties called Duncan, Burgundy and Marsh ? Answer : Grapefruit
Question : What comes in types Rock Ball Greentree Indian Reticulated ? Answer : Pythons
Question : What comes after the year of the snake - Chinese calendar ? Answer : Horse
Question : What come in varieties Norway Oriental Sitka White Siberian ? Answer : Spruce Trees
Question : What come in types Transverse Scimitar and Barchan ? Answer : Sand Dunes
Question : What colours are on a pollution free beach flag ? Answer : Blue - gold stars
Question : What colour were ETs eyes ? Answer : Blue
Question : What colour was Tweety Bird originally ? Answer : Pink
Question : What colour was Mrs Bates dress in Psycho ? Answer : Periwinkle Blue
Question : What colour was Ian Flemming's typewriter ? Answer : Gold
Question : What colour Tuesday did the Rolling Stones sing about 1977 ? Answer : Ruby
Question : What colour tranquillisers work best ? Answer : Yellow
Question : What colour toothbrush do most people have ? Answer : Blue
Question : What colour M&M is most prevalent in each packet ? Answer : Brown - 30%
Question : What colour is worn for funerals in Egypt ? Answer : Yellow
Question : What colour is vermilion a shade of ? Answer : Red
Question : What colour is the wax covering Gouda cheese ? Answer : Yellow
Question : What colour is the purple finch ? Answer : Crimson
Question : What colour is the number 10 on 10 Downing street ? Answer : White
Question : What colour is the most popular eye shadow of all time ? Answer : Max Factor's Powder
Question : What colour is the gemstone peridot ? Answer : Green
Question : What colour is the flesh of the Charentais melon ? Answer : Orange
Question : What colour is the cross on the Greek Flag ? Answer : White
Question : What colour is the cap given to an England cricket player ? Answer : Blue
Question : What colour is the bull on an archery target ? Answer : Gold
Question : What colour is the Black Box carried in aircraft ? Answer : Orange
Question : What colour is Spock's blood ? Answer : Green
Question : What colour is Queen Elizabeth's blotting paper ? Answer : Black
Question : What colour is puke ? Answer : Dark Green
Question : What colour is Octopus blood ? Answer : Blue
Question : What colour is natural cheddar cheese ? Answer : White - it’s dyed red
Question : What colour is named after a battle fought in Italy in 1859 ? Answer : Magenta
Question : What colour is malachite ? Answer : Brown
Question : What colour is Llamas milk ? Answer : Yellow
Question : What colour is iridium ? Answer : Steel Grey
Question : What colour is cerulean ? Answer : Deep Blue
Question : What colour is caffeine ? Answer : White powder
Question : What colour is angelica ? Answer : Green
Question : What colour is a sunburned turnip ? Answer : Green
Question : What colour is a Grasshoppers blood ? Answer : White
Question : What colour is a giraffes tongue ? Answer : Black
Question : What colour habit do Franciscan monks wear ? Answer : Grey
Question : What colour graded slope do expert skiers use ? Answer : Black
Question : What colour did Ida McKinley ban from the White House ? Answer : Yellow
Question : What colour are the seats in the House of Lords ? Answer : Red - Commons green
Question : What colour are the Amazon river dolphins ? Answer : Pink
Question : What colour are lobsters ? Answer : Dark Blue/green pink
Question : What colour are French letter boxes ? Answer : Yellow
Question : What colour are an American porcupines teeth ? Answer : Orange
Question : What classic novel sold only 50 copies authors lifetime ? Answer : Moby Dick
Question : What city was once called York ? Answer : Toronto - by British
Question : What city was known as Christiana until 1925 ? Answer : Oslo - Sweden
Question : What city was chosen but refused the 1976 Winter Olympics ? Answer : Denver
Question : What city used to be known as Bytown ? Answer : Ottawa
Question : What city stands on the river Torens ? Answer : Adelaide - Australia
Question : What city stands on the Maas River ? Answer : Rotterdam
Question : What city stands on the Hooghly river ? Answer : Calcutta
Question : What city is known as The worlds chocolate capital ? Answer : Hershey Pennsylvania
Question : What city is closest to Copacabana beach ? Answer : Rio de Janeiro
Question : What city is at the mouth of the Menam river ? Answer : Bangkok
Question : What city in the USA means First People in Indian ? Answer : Biloxi
Question : What city in the USA has the fewest % of native born residents ? Answer : Huston - Texas
Question : What city has the worlds biggest taxi fleet ? Answer : Mexico - over 60000
Question : What city has the most canals ? Answer : Birmingham
Question : What city has the longest metro system ? Answer : London
Question : What city has Kogoshima as its airport ? Answer : Tokyo
Question : What cities underground has the most stations ? Answer : New York
Question : What cities gothic cathedral started 1386 was completed 1805 ? Answer : Milan
Question : What children's character lived at Scatterbrook farm ? Answer : Worzel Gummage
Question : What characters first appeared in Entertaining Young Gussie ? Answer : Jeeves and Wooster
Question : What character Tamed the Shrew in the Shakespeare play ? Answer : Petrucchio
Question : What character on TV and film must have sex every 7 years ? Answer : Mr Spock
Question : What character in the Jungle Books name means frog ? Answer : Mougli
Question : What character first appeared in the film The Wise Little Hen ? Answer : Donald Duck
Question : What character did Disney add to Winnie the Pooh not in books ? Answer : Gopher
Question : What celestial body gets its name from the Greek long haired ? Answer : Comet
Question : What causes the tangy smell at the seaside ? Answer : Rotting Seaweed
Question : What causes an Iatrogenic illness ? Answer : Doctors or treatment
Question : What caused the first Rednecks to be Redneck ? Answer : Vitamin D Deficiency
Question : What cartoon characters first name is Quincy ? Answer : Mr Magoo
Question : What cartoon characters catchphrase was "Exit stage left" ? Answer : Snagglepuss
Question : What cartoon character was born April 1st 1980 ? Answer : Bart Simpson
Question : What cartoon character was 5 foot 6 inches tall ? Answer : Popeye
Question : What car manufacturers slogan is forward through technology ? Answer : Audi - Vorsprung
Question : What car has been voted European car of the Century ? Answer : Mini
Question : What car company made the first glass fibre racing car ? Answer : Lotus
Question : What capitol is on the slopes of the volcano Pichincha ? Answer : Quito Ecuador
Question : What capitol city stands on the Tagus River ? Answer : Lisbon
Question : What capitol city means Bay of Smoke in the local language ? Answer : Reykjavik
Question : What capital city translates as Capital City in the native tongue ? Answer : Seoul - South Korea
Question : What capital city began as the village of Edo ? Answer : Tokyo
Question : What Canadian province has been virtually rat free since 1905 ? Answer : Alberta
Question : What Canadian city has the most bars per capita ? Answer : Halifax Nova Scotia
Question : What can you shag in Georgia but its illegal in Florida ? Answer : A Porcupine
Question : What can you find on California's Mount Cook ? Answer : Hollywood sign
Question : What can keep for up to 4 years if stored in a cool dark place ? Answer : Standard Condoms
Question : What can come in types Blue, Spear, Couch and Arrow ? Answer : Grass
Question : What can be Vulgar Common Simple Improper or proper ? Answer : Fractions
Question : What can be types called chordate, needle and cruciform ? Answer : Tree Leaves
Question : What can be Safety, Tableaux or Swag ? Answer : Curtains in theatre
Question : What can be rigid, semi-rigid, or non-rigid ? Answer : Airships
Question : What can be Inline, flat or v ? Answer : Car cylinders
Question : What can be dipole, loop or helical ? Answer : Aerials
Question : What can be a font, architectural style or novel type ? Answer : Gothic
Question : What calculating aid was invented by William Oughtred in 1662 ? Answer : Slide Rule
Question : What building links Stacy Keach and Oscar Wilde ? Answer : Reading Jail
Question : What building in New York has 43600 windows ? Answer : World Trade Centre
Question : What brought Frosty the Snowman to life ? Answer : An old silk hat
Question : What British Motor vehicle displayed at 1948 Amsterdam show ? Answer : Land Rover
Question : What British birds lay only one egg during the nesting season ? Answer : Fulmar or Guillemot
Question : What British author was offered £250000 to write book of ET ? Answer : Jeffrey Archer
Question : What bridge links a Palace with a State Prison ? Answer : Bridge of Sighs -
Question : What breed of dog bites the most humans ? Answer : German Shepherd -
Question : What breed of dog advertises hush puppies ? Answer : A basset hound
Question : What brass instrument is thought to be the most difficult to play ? Answer : The French Horn
Question : What branch of mathematics is named for the Latin for pebble ? Answer : Calculus
Question : What boys name would be signalled in Morse by six dashes ? Answer : Tom
Question : What boys name means Rich Guard ? Answer : Edward or Edmund
Question : What boy scout merit badge is earned most often ? Answer : First Aid
Question : What boxer was nicknamed The Boston Strong Boy ? Answer : John L Sullivan
Question : What boxer was nicknamed The Ambling Alp ? Answer : Primo Carnera
Question : What books original title was Murder in the Calais Coach ? Answer : Murder on the Orient
Question : What book was made into the first feature length British cartoon ? Answer : Animal Farm in 1954
Question : What book was given to all officers in the Confederate army ? Answer : Les Miserables
Question : What book was banned in Ireland in 1932 ? Answer : Brave New World -
Question : What book translates as My Struggle ? Answer : Mein Kampf
Question : What book starts with the words - Call me Ishmael ? Answer : Moby Dick
Question : What book of the old testament has the least chapters (1) ? Answer : Obadiah
Question : What book of the Bible does not mention the name of God ? Answer : Esther
Question : What book featured Topsy who growed ? Answer : Uncle Toms Cabin -H
Question : What Bond thing did Roger Moore not do in 7 films ? Answer : Drink Martinis - and
Question : What Bond film was entitled The Dead Slave in Japan ? Answer : Live and let Die
Question : What body part gets bigger as the day progresses ? Answer : Feet 5 to 10%
Question : What body of water separates Australia and Papua New Guinea ? Answer : Torres Strait
Question : What bird uses its tongue to spear food ? Answer : Woodpecker
Question : What bird lays the largest clutch of eggs ? Answer : The Grey Partridge -
Question : What bird is the symbol of Penguin books (children's section) ? Answer : Puffin
Question : What bird is sometimes called the Yaffle ? Answer : Woodpecker
Question : What bird is sacred in Peru ? Answer : Condor
Question : What bird is depicted on the Canadian $1 coin ? Answer : The loon - coin
Question : What bird has the most feathers per square inch ? Answer : Penguin
Question : What bird has the maximum recorded life span 36 years ? Answer : Herring Gull - Royal
Question : What bird has the longest fledging period 360 days ? Answer : King Penguin
Question : What bird can see the colour blue ? Answer : An Owl
Question : What biblical towns name means House of Bread in Hebrew ? Answer : Bethlehem
Question : What beverage named after the UK Prime Minister of the 1830s ? Answer : Earl Grey Tea
Question : What better name is Mary Westmacott better known ? Answer : Agatha Christie
Question : What began in 1877 but banned women until 1884 ? Answer : Wimbledon Tennis
Question : What began 24 Jan 1848 thanks to John Marshall at Sutters mill ? Answer : The Gold Rush in
Question : What beer is represented by a goat ? Answer : Bocks Beer
Question : What became legal in 1901 in the UK ? Answer : Boxing
Question : What became a full Olympic sport in 1992 ? Answer : Badminton
Question : What battle does the French Legion Celebrate Annually ? Answer : Camerone - A Defeat
Question : What basic skill is lacking in most Royal Navy entrants ? Answer : They cannot swim
Question : What authors only detective work was The Red House Mystery ? Answer : A A Milne
Question : What authors (unused) final two names are Bower Yin ? Answer : Leslie Charteris
Question : What author wrote the books Rage and The Sunbird ? Answer : Wilber Smith
Question : What author wrote about Adrian Mole ? Answer : Sue Townsend
Question : What author was the first published by Bantam paperbacks ? Answer : Mark Twain Life on
Question : What author was born in Petrovichi USSR in 1920 ? Answer : Isaac Asimov
Question : What author married Leon Trotsky’s secretary in 1924 ? Answer : Arthur Ransom
Question : What author criticised evangelism in his novel Elmer Gantry ? Answer : Sinclair Lewis
Question : What Australian town used to be called Stuart until 1925 ? Answer : Alice Springs
Question : What Australian slang for a simpleton is also a cockatoo ? Answer : Galah
Question : What Australian Prime Minister drowned near Melbourne ? Answer : Harold Holt 17
Question : What astrological star sign covers July 24 - August 23 ? Answer : Leo
Question : What arts/literary movement founded by Tristan Tzara in 1915 ? Answer : Dadaism
Question : What artist was nicknamed "Jack the Dripper" action painting ? Answer : Jackson Pollock
Question : What aria from Madam Butterfly is a Michelle Pfeiffer 1996 film ? Answer : One fine Day
Question : What area of London did Jack the Ripper frequent ? Answer : Whitechaple
Question : What area in the US translates from the Dutch as Broken Valley ? Answer : Brooklyn
Question : What area in NY is named after a barrier built to keep out Indians ? Answer : Wall Street
Question : What area gets its name from the Greek word for bear ? Answer : Arctic because great
Question : What are Zap Spirit Crazylegs and Chuckles ? Answer : G I Joe figures
Question : What are young bats called ? Answer : Pups
Question : What are you supposed to give/get for 40 years of marriage ? Answer : Ruby
Question : What are you doing if you use the egg position ? Answer : Skiing
Question : What are you doing if you performed Applejack Chaos Rev up ? Answer : Line Dancing
Question : What are you doing if you pandiculate ? Answer : Yawn
Question : What are woolly and spider types of ? Answer : Monkey
Question : What are Waist Overalls ? Answer : Jeans - Levi Struss
Question : what are Wa Cha Wej Vagh Hut Soch and chorgh ? Answer : Numbers - In Klingon
Question : What are Unaone, Soxisix and Novenine ? Answer : International phonetic
Question : What are truffles - highly prized as food ? Answer : Fungi
Question : What are the worlds smallest trees - (not Bonsai) ? Answer : Dwarf Willows
Question : What are the two official languages of Finland ? Answer : Finnish and Swedish
Question : What are the stars in traditional Cornish Star Gazey pie ? Answer : Pilchards eyes
Question : What are the snaffle Pelham and Weymouth ? Answer : Horse bits
Question : What are the Sirocco, Mistral and Chinook ? Answer : Winds
Question : What are the seeds of the herb cilantro called used as a spice ? Answer : Coriander
Question : What are the Roman numerals for 505 ? Answer : DV
Question : What are the ridges on corduroy called ? Answer : Wales
Question : What are the names of the two cats in Disney's Lady + Tramp ? Answer : Si and Am
Question : What are the most commonly ordered item from sex catalogues ? Answer : Novelty Condoms
Question : What are the devils bones ? Answer : Dice
Question : What are The Chiuhauhan Nubian and Alaskan ? Answer : Deserts
Question : What are the Anatolian, Atacama, Nafud and Zirreh ? Answer : Deserts
Question : What are the Aki - Dai-shimizy - Seikan in Japan ? Answer : Tunnels
Question : What are studied by hymenopterists ? Answer : Bees
Question : What are Strength, Chariot and Hermit ? Answer : Tarot Cards
Question : What are spraints ? Answer : Otter droppings (shit)
Question : What are silver coins made from ? Answer : Copper Nickel
Question : What are shaggy mane and pigs ear ? Answer : Mushrooms or fungi
Question : What are scutes ? Answer : Snakes belly scales
Question : What are scaup ? Answer : Wild ducks
Question : What are salopettes ? Answer : Snow proof Dungaree
Question : What are ratite birds the only ones not to do ? Answer : Fly
Question : What are put into an omelette in a Hangtown Fry ? Answer : Oysters
Question : What are Puli Sloghi and Kuvaszok ? Answer : Exotic dog breeds
Question : What are Portland Vases made from ? Answer : Glass
Question : What are popcorn, moss and seed ? Answer : Knitting Stitches
Question : What are pink, pram, snow, koff, buss, bark and dory types of ? Answer : Boats or other water
Question : What are padmasana sirsasana and savasana ? Answer : Yoga Positions
Question : What are or were Wix Fibs and Fax ? Answer : Brands of Tampons
Question : What are or were The Adena, Cayuga, Haida and Nootka ? Answer : North American
Question : What are or were Tester, Royal, Mark and Noble ? Answer : Old English coins
Question : what are Nissan, Av, Adar and Tishrei ? Answer : Jewish months
Question : What are Munroes ? Answer : Mountains in Scotland
Question : What are Misty Rain Sunshine Blue Honey Rose ? Answer : Porn Stars
Question : What are Manhattan, Apollo, Hedwig, Cartman, Guinness ? Answer : Linux versions
Question : What are male crabs known as ? Answer : Jimmies
Question : What are Luster, Moreen, Mungo and Nankeen types of ? Answer : Material or fabric
Question : What are lop cheong ? Answer : Chinese Sausages
Question : What are Limerick, Round Bend, Aberdeen and Octopus ? Answer : Fishing Hooks
Question : What are lentigines ? Answer : Freckles
Question : What are kreplach ? Answer : Jewish ravioli
Question : What are Jean Bernard, Pierre St-Martin and Berger in France ? Answer : Worlds deep caves
Question : What are Ingrid Marie and Blushing Golden ? Answer : Varieties of Apple
Question : What are hunting, dress, old and Price Charles Edward types of ? Answer : Tartans
Question : What are Hamilton House and Petronella ? Answer : Scottish country
Question : What are Grenadier, Idared and Ellison's Orange types of ? Answer : Apples
Question : What are Grapnel, Bruce, Danforth, Plough types of? ? Answer : Anchor
Question : What are garbanzo beans also known as ? Answer : Chick peas
Question : What are formed by Orogeny ? Answer : Mountains
Question : What are fallows, lutinos and opalines ? Answer : Budgerigars
Question : What are Demy, Medium, Royal, Double Crown ? Answer : Paper Sizes
Question : What are Claymore, Thistle and Piper ? Answer : North Sea Oil Fields
Question : What are ceps morels and chantrelles ? Answer : Mushrooms
Question : What are Cats tail, Cocks foot and Sheep's fescue ? Answer : Types of grass
Question : What are camel haired brushes made of ? Answer : Squirrels tails
Question : What are Bullace, Kirke's Blue, and Opal varieties of ? Answer : Plum
Question : What are brick, fontina, port salut, quargel types of ? Answer : Cheese
Question : What are Blur Crow, Brimstone, Owl and Ringlet types of ? Answer : Butterflies
Question : What are Blue Professor, Bottle Imp and Rat Faced McDougal ? Answer : Fishing Flies
Question : What are blombergs, oak and fire bellied types of ? Answer : Toads
Question : What are Black Bulger Lawyers Wig Penny Bun types of ? Answer : Fungi
Question : What are Berner Florin Parisian frill types of ? Answer : Canaries
Question : What are banon, mimolette and samosoe types of ? Answer : Cheese
Question : What are bactrians and dromedaries ? Answer : camels
Question : What are Arran Pilot Homeguard and Ulster Chieftain ? Answer : Early types of Potato
Question : What are Acheron, Cocytus and Phlegethon ? Answer : Rivers of Hell
Question : What are a swallowtail and a burgee ? Answer : Flags
Question : What are a Jalpa Jarama Shamal and Merak ? Answer : Italian Sports Cars
Question : What are a Galliard, Sarabande, Morisca and Courente ? Answer : Dance Types
Question : What are a Boomer and a Blue Flier ? Answer : Adult Male - Female
Question : What appears in the middle of the Rwandan flag ? Answer : Capital R
Question : What animals teeth were used as knife blades by the Indians ? Answer : Beaver
Question : What animal's penis is four feet long when erect ? Answer : Giraffe
Question : What animals name translates as water horse ? Answer : Hippopotamus
Question : What animals name translate from Arabic as He who walks fast ? Answer : Giraffe - from
Question : What animals name literally translates as earth pig ? Answer : Aardvark
Question : What animals name comes from the Sanskrit to steal ? Answer : Mouse - Musha
Question : What animals make up the Suidae family ? Answer : Pigs
Question : What animals head appears on the label of Gordon's Gin ? Answer : Boar
Question : What animals eye is larger than its brain ? Answer : Ostrich
Question : What animals evidence is admissible in US courts ? Answer : A Bloodhound
Question : What animals cannot swim ? Answer : Gorillas
Question : What animals are likely to die first from global warming ? Answer : Polar Bears
Question : What animal would you find in a form ? Answer : Hare
Question : What animal was the symbol of freedom in ancient Rome ? Answer : Cat
Question : What animal was believed to be a cross camel - leopard ? Answer : Giraffe
Question : What animal stands for the longest period ? Answer : African Elephant over
Question : What animal provide 50% of all the protein eaten in Peru ? Answer : Guinea Pigs
Question : What animal produces its own sun tan lotion ? Answer : Hippopotamus
Question : What animal originated Groundhog Day ? Answer : Badgers - in Germany
Question : What animal lives in a drey ? Answer : Squirrel
Question : What animal is the symbol of long life in Korea ? Answer : Deer
Question : What animal is the mascot of the US Naval Academy ? Answer : Goat
Question : What animal is responsible for most deaths in the USA annually ? Answer : Dogs
Question : What animal is mentioned most in the Bible ? Answer : Sheep
Question : What animal is in the hassen in hassenpfeffer ? Answer : Hare or Rabbit
Question : What animal in The Jungle book is also a type of uncut velvet ? Answer : Bagheera
Question : What animal head appears on the badge of the RCMP ? Answer : Bison
Question : What animal has the worlds shortest sperm ? Answer : Hippopotamus
Question : What animal has the most taste buds over 27000 ? Answer : Catfish
Question : What animal has the best hearing ? Answer : Bats
Question : What animal has a prehensile penis ? Answer : Dolphin
Question : What animal has a forked penis ? Answer : Possum
Question : What animal eats rests and sleeps on its back ? Answer : Sea Otter
Question : What animal could be Siberian or Caspian ? Answer : Tiger
Question : What animal comes in types spotted striped and brown ? Answer : Hyena
Question : What animal comes in both spotted and striped varieties ? Answer : Skunk
Question : What animal can smell a virgin same type from 1.8 miles away ? Answer : Gypsy Moth
Question : What animal can sleep 3 years but only mates once - 12 hours ? Answer : Snails
Question : What animal always gives birth to same sex twins ? Answer : Armadillo
Question : What animal - faster horse - longer no h20 camel - see behind ? Answer : Giraffe
Question : What ancient Roman buildings name means Place for a Giant ? Answer : Coliseum
Question : What ancient languages writing has no spaces between words ? Answer : Ancient Greek
Question : What American state is the Badger state ? Answer : Wisconsin
Question : What American state has the most outhouses ? Answer : Alaska
Question : What American Indian tribe currently has over 300000 members ? Answer : Cherokee
Question : What American building has double - needed toilets -segregated ? Answer : Pentagon
Question : What amateur Reached Wimbledon Semi final in 1977 ? Answer : John McEnroe (aged
Question : What alternative scale (not Richter) measures earthquakes ? Answer : Mercalli
Question : What album cover (by the Rolling Stones) had a zip on the side ? Answer : Sticky Fingers
Question : What airport has the code MME ? Answer : Marseilles
Question : What airlines identification code is VS ? Answer : Virgin Atlantic
Question : What airline used to be called Dobrolet ? Answer : Aeroflot
Question : What airline started 24th September 1946 single DC3 - Betsy ? Answer : Cathay Pacific
Question : What ailment kills the most fruit flies ? Answer : Constipation
Question : What aid to archaeologists from 197 bc was found in Egypt 1799 ? Answer : Rosetta Stone
Question : What agency began as a group of mercenary guards ? Answer : Texas Rangers
Question : What African country gained independence in 1980 ? Answer : Zimbabwe
Question : What African country and its currency have the same name ? Answer : Zaire
Question : What African countries capitol is named after a US president ? Answer : Liberia - Monrovia - James
Question : What advertised phrase Born 1820 still going strong ? Answer : Johnnie Walker
Question : What actress/singer once worked in a doughnut shop ? Answer : Madonna
Question : What actress said "It's better to be nude than unemployed" ? Answer : Angie Dickinson
Question : What actress said "I dress for women - Undress for men" ? Answer : Angie Dickinson
Question : What actress said "I acted vulgar - Madonna is vulgar" ? Answer : Marlene Dietrich
Question : What actress declared "I'll get naked at the drop of a hat" ? Answer : Sharon Stone
Question : What actor was once fruit picker iceman truck driver propman ? Answer : John Wayne
Question : What actor was born Krishna Bhanji ? Answer : Ben Kingsley
Question : What actor links Von Ryan's Express - Magnificent Seven ? Answer : Brad Dexter
Question : What actor is the spokesman for the National Rifle Association ? Answer : Charlton Heston
Question : What actor Howard Hughs call pay toilet didn't give shit nothing ? Answer : Robert Mitchum
Question : What actor dropped out university to be a dishwasher ? Answer : Warren Beaty
Question : What actor died during the filming of Gladiator ? Answer : Oliver Reed
Question : What actor did time on a Georgia Chain Gang - Escaped 6 days ? Answer : Robert Mitchum -
Question : What actor began his career doing Doctor Pepper commercials ? Answer : Bruce Willis
Question : What activity is featured in the magazine Winkers World ? Answer : Tiddlywinks
Question : What activity burns up 140 calories per hour ? Answer : Standing
Question : What act do the French call The English Perversion ? Answer : Whipping Flagellation
Question : What 80s band had a hit with Tainted Love ? Answer : Soft-Cell
Question : What 70s pop group was originally called The Engaged Couples ? Answer : Abba
Question : What 6th century Greek poet is the father of drama ? Answer : Thespis
Question : What 3 inventions do Americans say they cant live without ? Answer : Car - Lightbulb -
Question : What 3 ingredients make a sidecar cocktail ? Answer : Brandy Cointreau
Question : What 19th century explorer translated the Kama Sutra ? Answer : Sir Richard Burton
Question : What 1991 film won best film, actor, actress, director Oscars ? Answer : Silence of the Lambs
Question : What 1979 film won the Oscar for best visual effects ? Answer : Alien
Question : What 1969 film last line Clint Eastwood "I fall off em everywhere" ? Answer : Where Eagles Dare
Question : What 1945 film won best picture, actor, director Oscars ? Answer : The Lost Weekend
Question : What 18th century German soldier told very tall tales of himself ? Answer : Baron Munchhausen
Question : What 17th Century pirate ended up a governor of Jamaica ? Answer : Sir Henry Morgan
Question : What item were originally called Hanways ? Answer : Umbrellas
Question : What - advertised phrase "Even your best friends wont tell you" ? Answer : Listerine mouth wash
Question : WG Grace captained England at cricket and what else ? Answer : Bowls
Question : We've used Xerox but from Greek what does it literally mean ? Answer : Dry
Question : We've only just begun was background music advertising what ? Answer : Bank - R Carpenter
Question : We've heard phrase I don’t give a toss - but Tos Greek for what ? Answer : Bear
Question : Westminster Abbey is dedicated to who ? Answer : Saint Peter
Question : West Side Story tells about the West side of what or where ? Answer : Fifth Avenue
Question : West Indian cricketer Laurence Rowe gave up 1976 mid test why ? Answer : Allergic to Grass
Question : West End Girls was the debut hit for what pop duo in the 80s ? Answer : Pet shop boys
Question : Wesley Snipes and who starred in the film Money Train 1995 ? Answer : Woody Harrelson
Question : Well known phrase Mad as a Hatter - but what made them mad ? Answer : Mercury Poisoning
Question : We know who wrote Little Women but who wrote Little Men ? Answer : Lousia May Alcott
Question : We know who Darth Vader is but what's Vader mean in Dutch ? Answer : Father
Question : We know what Mardi Gras is but what's its literal translation ? Answer : Fat Tuesday
Question : We know what lasagne is - what is a lassagnum its named from ? Answer : A Cooking Pot
Question : We know what a veto is but what does it literally mean ? Answer : I forbid
Question : We know what a moussaka is but what does it literally mean ? Answer : Moistened
Question : We know what a fez is but what does fez mean in Turkish ? Answer : Hat
Question : We know what a bronco is but what does it mean in Spanish ? Answer : Rough
Question : We have used the Latin phrase ad hoc - what literally mean ? Answer : For this special
Question : We have used a cassette but what does it literally mean ? Answer : Small Box
Question : We have heard of the Renaissance - what's it literally mean ? Answer : Rebirth
Question : We have all heard Hari Krishna - what does Krishna mean ? Answer : Dark as a cloud
Question : We call them Turkeys what do the Turks call them ? Answer : American Birds
Question : Wayne Brazel shot and killed what Western figure in 20th cent ? Answer : Pat Garret
Question : Waving a yellow flag is the international signal for what ? Answer : Infectious disease
Question : Washington police officers get a half hour class in how to what ? Answer : Sit Down
Question : Ward Green wrote the story for which famous film ? Answer : Lady and the Tramp
Question : Walter Wagers novel 58 minutes was the basis for which film ? Answer : Die Hard 2
Question : Walter Koenig played which part in the Star Trek series ? Answer : Ensign Chekov
Question : Walter Gropius founded what art / design movement ? Answer : Bauerhus in Germany
Question : Walt Disney in an interview admitted he was scared of what ? Answer : Mice
Question : Walt Disney had an obsessive compulsion with what ? Answer : Cleanliness - washed
Question : Walloons speak what language ? Answer : French in Belgium
Question : Wakame Tengusa and Mozuku are Japanese what ? Answer : Edible seaweed
Question : Wadi al Muli is better known as where ? Answer : Valley of the Kings
Question : Vor was the Norse Goddess of what ? Answer : Truth
Question : Vootery is the practice of what ? Answer : Deceit or Lying
Question : Volney was in hundreds of films where can you see him ? Answer : MGM films he was
Question : Vodka, Orange juice and Cranberry juice make which cocktail ? Answer : Madras
Question : Vodka and orange makes up what cocktail ? Answer : Screwdriver
Question : Vodka - Triple Sec and lime juice make what cocktail ? Answer : Kamikaze
Question : Vladivostok stands on what body of water ? Answer : Sea of Japan
Question : Vladimir Nabokov wrote Lolita in what language ? Answer : English
Question : Vladamere Ashkenazy plays what musical instrument ? Answer : Piano
Question : Vivaldi's concertos Opus 8 Numbers 1-4 better known as what ? Answer : The four Seasons
Question : Vivaldi, Purcell and Handel's music is what type ? Answer : Baroque
Question : Vivaldi the composer had what other profession ? Answer : Priest
Question : Vivaldi composed The Four Seasons - what's his first name ? Answer : Antonio
Question : Viticulture is the growing of what plants ? Answer : Vines
Question : Vitamin B2 has what other name ? Answer : Riboflavin
Question : Viscum Album provides an excuse for stealing what ? Answer : A Kiss (its Mistletoe)
Question : Virginia Woolf always did it standing up - did what ? Answer : Wrote her books
Question : Virginia Patterson Hensley became more famous as who ? Answer : Patsy Cline
Question : Virginia McMath became famous as which actress ? Answer : Ginger Rodgers
Question : Violetta Valery is better know as who in the world of opera ? Answer : La Traviata - by Verdi
Question : Vincent Furnier is better known as who ? Answer : Alice Cooper
Question : Ville Marie was the original name of where ? Answer : Montreal
Question : Vienna is the setting for what Shakespeare play ? Answer : Measure for Measure
Question : Victoria was not Queen Victoria's first name - what was ? Answer : Alexandrina
Question : Victoria is the only Australian state without what ? Answer : Letter S in name
Question : Victoria Australia law illegal wear pink what after noon Sunday ? Answer : Pink Hot Pants
Question : Victor Buono played what Batman villain in the original series ? Answer : King Tut
Question : Victor Barna was world champion five times at what sport ? Answer : Table Tennis
Question : VH is the international aircraft registration for which country ? Answer : Australia
Question : VH international airline registration letters what country ? Answer : Australia
Question : Vestiophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Clothing
Question : Vermont woman cant wear what without written husbands permit ? Answer : False Teeth
Question : Vermicelli pasta literally translates as what ? Answer : Little worms
Question : Verdi's opera Aida is set in what country ? Answer : Egypt
Question : Venus Observa is the technical term for what ? Answer : Missionary position
Question : Venus is the only planet that does what ? Answer : Rotates Clockwise
Question : Venus and Adonis was whose first published work ? Answer : William Shakespeare
Question : Ventura county California who/what cant have sex without permit ? Answer : Cats Dogs
Question : Venice stands on what river ? Answer : The Arno
Question : Venation is used to describe what item ? Answer : Leaves
Question : Vegetarians do what more than carnivore / omnivores ? Answer : Fart
Question : Vaselina and Brillantino were alternate names which film ? Answer : Grease
Question : Vanilla is part of which plant family ? Answer : Orchids
Question : Vampire bats prefer to bite what part of a sleeping person ? Answer : Toe
Question : Valentine Michael Smith is the central character in which book ? Answer : Heinlein stranger in a
Question : Vaduz is the capitol of where ? Answer : Liechtenstein
Question : V.O. and Pedigree whiskeys made by what Canadian company ? Answer : Seagrams
Question : Utah the states name comes from Navaho meaning what ? Answer : Upper
Question : USSR saying No ugly women in world just shortage of what ? Answer : Vodka
Question : USA UK and Irish women golfers play for which trophy ? Answer : Curtis cup
Question : USA supreme court 1962 said who cant be imprisoned - illegal ? Answer : Drug Addicts
Question : USA has most roads what country has second most ? Answer : India
Question : USA has most cars what country has second most ? Answer : Japan
Question : USA has most airports which country has second most ? Answer : Australia
Question : USA favourite computer passwords are love and sex what UK ? Answer : Fred
Question : USA courts spend half their time with cases involving what ? Answer : Cars
Question : US what was the last brand of cigarettes to be advertised on TV ? Answer : Virginia Slims
Question : US tennis open held at Flushing Meadows used to be where ? Answer : Forest Hills
Question : US school buses are Chrome Yellow but they used to be what ? Answer : Omaha Orange
Question : US Pres mom said Looking at my children wish I'd stayed virgin ? Answer : Jimmy Carter
Question : US Fed laws specify what colour underwear for Crash Dummies ? Answer : Tea Rose
Question : US civil war which states buttons had a Palmetto tree on them ? Answer : South Carolina
Question : US civil war what disease incorrectly treated by ink injections ? Answer : Gonorrhoea
Question : US civil war Confederate Kingston hospital Georgia specialised ? Answer : Soldiers with
Question : US actor William Gillette invented which characters phrase ? Answer : Elementary my dear
Question : US 1900 census people with 2 or less what were lower mid class ? Answer : Servants
Question : Ursus Artus Horribilus - the Latin name of what creature ? Answer : Grizzly Bear
Question : Urea is only found in humans and what other animal ? Answer : Dalmatian Dogs
Question : Urchin is an old English name for which British native mammal ? Answer : Hedgehog
Question : Unusual words - What's the only word 4 double letters in a row ? Answer : Bookkeeppers
Question : Unusual (for him) role Bogart play in The Return of Doctor X 1939 ? Answer : A Vampire
Question : Until computers replaced it who would use a Bloggoscope ? Answer : OS Map Makers from
Question : Until 1998 by law The QE hotel must do what if you rent a room ? Answer : Feed your horse freely
Question : Until 1990 what was still legal tender in East Germany ? Answer : Sausages
Question : Until 1971 what was the name of Zaire ? Answer : Congo
Question : Until 1965 what was illegal for Connecticut married couples ? Answer : Contraception
Question : Until 1955 in England you needed a licence to take what on road ? Answer : Lawn Mower
Question : Until 1862 there was a tax in England for those who used what ? Answer : Soap
Question : Until 1819 technically you could be hung for what in Britain ? Answer : Cutting down a tree
Question : University Western Australia developed a robot to do what ? Answer : Shear Sheep
Question : Unimak is the largest island in which group ? Answer : Aleutians
Question : Unfortunate names - Pansy was a brand of what sold in China ? Answer : Mens Underwear
Question : Under the snow and ice Antarctica is actually a what ? Answer : Desert
Question : Under Mississippi law there cannot be a female what ? Answer : Peeping Tom
Question : Under Michigan State law who are officially classed mechanics ? Answer : Dentists
Question : UK what sized by Grains Peas Singles Doubles Trebles Cobbles ? Answer : Coal
Question : UK snooker players call it doubling what do US pool players say ? Answer : Banking
Question : UK football Derby County home the Baseball Ground nickname ? Answer : Rams
Question : UK band involved in a US court case - Subliminal messages 80s ? Answer : Judas Priest
Question : Tyrian Purple is a strong dye made from what ? Answer : Mussels and Whelks
Question : Type of precious stone has a name literally means blue rock ? Answer : Lapis Lazuli
Question : Twos company threes a crowd what do four and five make ? Answer : Four and five make
Question : Two weeks after hatching what is 3000 times its birth weight ? Answer : Monarch Butterfly
Question : Two villains first appear in Batman Comics 1 - Joker and who ? Answer : Cat - Later called
Question : Two thirds of the worlds geysers are found where ? Answer : Yellowstone Park
Question : Two possible answers - in which country would you find Shit ? Answer : Iran or Ethiopia
Question : Two out of every five American women do what ? Answer : Dye their Hair
Question : Two out of 3 visits to an American doctor are for what problems ? Answer : Stress Related
Question : Two out of 3 adults in the USA suffer from what ? Answer : Piles
Question : Two most commonly sold items in stores are sodas and what ? Answer : Breakfast Cereals
Question : Twinkies originally contained what flavoured cream ? Answer : Banana - Changed
Question : TVs Ben Casey started with Man Woman Birth Death and what ? Answer : Infinity
Question : Turnov Rusty and Bobo appear in what stage musical ? Answer : Starlight Express
Question : Turks head, Granny and Bowline are types of what ? Answer : Knot
Question : Turf Stone and Hedge are all types of what ? Answer : Mazes
Question : Tudor England mans apron shows job white cook what checked ? Answer : Barber
Question : Tucson Arizona what's officially known as pavement deficiencies ? Answer : Potholes in the road
Question : Tubetti lunghi is what pasta shape ? Answer : Elbows
Question : Tsaritsyn in Russia used to be known as what ? Answer : Volgagrad Stalingrad
Question : Tsar Paul I decreed death by flogging to anyone mentioned what ? Answer : His Baldness
Question : Trypanophobia is fear of what ? Answer : Inoculations -
Question : Troy McClure appears in which cartoon series ? Answer : The Simpsons
Question : Trouw is a newspaper in what country ? Answer : Netherlands
Question : Trismus is a muscular spasm where in the body ? Answer : Jaw - like lockjaw
Question : Triskadeccaphobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Number 13
Question : Trimontaine was the original name of where ? Answer : Boston Massachusetts
Question : Tribology is the study of what ? Answer : Friction
Question : Treifa foods are forbidden to which religious group ? Answer : Jews - opposite of
Question : Transylvanian people believed sleeping with what was dangerous ? Answer : Mouth open
Question : Translated literally what does television mean ? Answer : Far Seeing
Question : Traditionally what should be given on an 11th anniversary ? Answer : Steel
Question : Traditionally what should be given on a 20th anniversary ? Answer : China
Question : Traditionally there are 100 pleats in what item ? Answer : A Chefs hat
Question : Traditionally Lamborghini Miura and Diablo are named for what ? Answer : Fighting Bulls
Question : Traditional French blend "fines herbes" parsley chives chervil ? ? Answer : Tarragon
Question : Traditional Advent candles are two colours pink and what ? Answer : Purple
Question : Traditional 7 Seas N S Atlantic N S Pacific Arctic Antarctic ? ? Answer : Indian
Question : Tracy Marrow a former convict born 1958 changed name to what ? Answer : Ice-T
Question : Tracey and Hepburn first film in 1942 was what ? Answer : Woman of the Year
Question : Town Australia is named after the wife Sir C H Todd postmaster ? Answer : Alice Springs
Question : Tour de France what colour jersey best Hill Climber wear ? Answer : Red Polka dot
Question : Tosk is a dialect of which country ? Answer : Albania
Question : Tosca is the heroine of the opera but what is her first name ? Answer : Floria
Question : Topolino in Italy is who here ? Answer : Mickey Mouse
Question : Topo in Italian Fare in Turkish what in English ? Answer : Mouse
Question : Top USA food consumption days - Xmas Thanksgiving and what ? Answer : Super Bowl Sunday
Question : Tomika and Uyeshiba are the two main forms of what ? Answer : Aikido
Question : Tomatillo is a feature in what countries cusine ? Answer : Mexico
Question : To whom was the Eroica dedicated ? Answer : Napoleon Bonaparte
Question : To whom is the Wizard of Oz dedicated ? Answer : The Young in Heart
Question : To whom are the Jews Gentiles ? Answer : The Mormons
Question : To which London club did Mycroft Holmes belong ? Answer : Diogones
Question : To which group of artists does Vincent Van Gough belong ? Answer : Post Impressionists
Question : To which gentleman's club did Phineas Fogg belong ? Answer : The Reform
Question : To which dog was a statue erected in Edinburgh ? Answer : Greyfriers Bobby
Question : To where in France do the sick make pilgrimages ? Answer : Lourdes
Question : To what Patron Saint would you pray if you had a headache ? Answer : Saint Dennis
Question : To what family does the hippopotamus belong ? Answer : Pig
Question : To the Apache Indians what were God Dogs ? Answer : Horses
Question : To the ancient Greeks what was an agora ? Answer : Public meeting place /
Question : To nearest 1000 in 1800 how many wild turkeys were in Turkey ? Answer : None it’s a native US
Question : To an Australian what is an esky ? Answer : Portable Beer Cooler
Question : To a golfer what's a frosty ? Answer : Score of 8 on a hole
Question : Titanic music score sales are greatest which film did it beat ? Answer : Chariots of Fire -
Question : Tiramisu is a coffee desert but what does it literally mean ? Answer : Pick me up
Question : Tip Throat Vamp Collar Shank are parts of what object ? Answer : Woman's Shoe
Question : Tintoretto did most of his painting in what city ? Answer : Venice
Question : Time Magazine named what as the Man of the Year 1982 ? Answer : The Computer
Question : Timbucktoo is in which country ? Answer : Mali
Question : Tigers have stripped fur - what colour is their skin ? Answer : Stripped
Question : Tiede Peak is a volcano on which island ? Answer : Tenerife
Question : Tia Maria - Vodka and Coke make what cocktail ? Answer : Black Russian
Question : Thurle Sandstorm first world champion in 1923 at what sport ? Answer : Ten Pin Bowling
Question : Thurl Ravenscroft is the voice of who ? Answer : Tony the Tiger
Question : Thunder music is the literal translation of which musical term ? Answer : Philharmonic
Question : Thumb Lock Mongolian Release Mediterranean Draw what sport ? Answer : Archery
Question : Three what appear on the Connecticut state flag ? Answer : Grape Vines
Question : Three Scottish kings and eight Popes share what name ? Answer : Alexander
Question : Those born on April Fools day are what star sign ? Answer : Aires
Question : Thor Heyerdahl vessels were Kon Tiki, Ra and what ? Answer : Tigris
Question : Thomas Watson in 1943 there is a worlds market for 5 - what ? Answer : Computers - he
Question : Thomas the boys name means what ? Answer : Twin
Question : Thomas Sullivan in New York in 1908 introduced what ? Answer : The Tea Bag
Question : Thomas Minton at Stoke on Trent created what in 1789 ? Answer : The Willow Pattern
Question : Thomas Keneally wrote which book (Oscar winning film) ? Answer : Schindler's Ark
Question : Thomas Jefferson's home has a hidden what? illegal in his time ? Answer : Billiard Table in
Question : Thomas Holden was the first to top what list ? Answer : FBI ten most wanted
Question : Thomas Harris created what character ? Answer : Hannibal Lector
Question : Thomas Edison had a phobia what was it ? Answer : The Dark
Question : Thomas Chippendale mostly worked in what wood ? Answer : Mahogany
Question : Thomas Caneery writer Schlinders Ark comes from what country ? Answer : Australia
Question : Thomas and Martha were the parents of which hero ? Answer : Batman
Question : This TV series ran for 78 episodes before it was scrapped - what ? Answer : Star Trek
Question : This sport is called camogie women play what's it when men do ? Answer : Hurling
Question : Thieves Liars Magicians and who were in Dantes 8th circle Hell ? Answer : Politicians
Question : They are only found in Lake Nicaragua - what are ? Answer : Fresh water sharks
Question : These were invented - 51 years later us president got one - what ? Answer : Telephone on his desk
Question : There must be 15 banked turns on what sporting course ? Answer : Championship
Question : There is one gallon of water in every cubic mile of what ? Answer : Fog
Question : There is approximately one what for each person in the world ? Answer : Chicken
Question : There is a museum in Philadelphia 211 North 3rd Street to what ? Answer : Pretzels
Question : There are two general types of skiing Alpine and what ? Answer : Nordic
Question : There are three parks in the USA dedicated to what ? Answer : Butterflies
Question : There are over 800 brands of what for sale in the USA ? Answer : Bottled Water
Question : There are over 400 recognised breeds of what ? Answer : Dog
Question : There are over 32000 known species of what in the world ? Answer : Spiders
Question : There are over 130000 species of what on earth ? Answer : Butterflies
Question : There are over 1000 recognised slang words for what ? Answer : Vagina
Question : There are only two three letter herbs Rue is one what's the other ? Answer : Bay
Question : There are one what for every 6 people in Canada ? Answer : River
Question : There are more what in Italy than Canadians in Canada ? Answer : Barbie Dolls
Question : There are more the 38000 types of what ? Answer : Mushrooms
Question : There are more than 1500 varieties of what food ? Answer : Rice
Question : There are more telephones than people in what city ? Answer : Washington USA
Question : There are more in Los Angeles than in all France - what ? Answer : Judges
Question : There are five stars on the flag of which country ? Answer : Peoples republic of
Question : There are butterflies that smell like what ? Answer : Chocolate
Question : There are 72 scenes on what famous article ? Answer : Bayeaux Tapestry
Question : There are 42 what in a standard deck of cards (exclude jokers) ? Answer : Eyes
Question : There are 4.5 gallons of ale in what container ? Answer : Pin
Question : There are 33 words on the back of a bottle of what beer ? Answer : Rolling Rock
Question : There are 300 distinct different types of what food ? Answer : Honey
Question : There are 20 days in the week in whose calendar ? Answer : Aztec
Question : There are 16 bottles of Champagne in a what ? Answer : Balthazar
Question : There are 150 what in The Bible ? Answer : Psalms
Question : There are 12 bottles of champagne in a what ? Answer : Salmanazar
Question : Theophilus Van Kannal invented what in 1888 in Philadelphia ? Answer : Revolving Door
Question : Their technical name are hydrometeors what's common name ? Answer : Hailstones
Question : Theatre at the stairway is the translation of which place ? Answer : La Scala Milan
Question : The Zoastrian religion began in what country ? Answer : Persia or Iran
Question : The Zagros mountain range is in which country ? Answer : Iran
Question : The young are called widgets, females fifinellas what are they ? Answer : Gremlins
Question : The Yellow Kid by Richard Felton Outcault in 1896 first what ? Answer : Comic Strip - New
Question : The yellow food colouring tartrazine comes from what ? Answer : Petrol - Gas in USA
Question : The WWSU governs what sport ? Answer : World Water Skiing
Question : The Wright brothers made aircraft but what was their other job ? Answer : Bicycle manufacturers
Question : The worlds what museum is at 19 Green belt North York Ontario ? Answer : Contraceptive
Question : The worlds first what opened in Brighton England in 1897 ? Answer : Petrol (gas) station
Question : The worlds first was 69.5 feet long and took a year to make ? ? Answer : Oil Well
Question : The worlds first opened in Los Angles April 2nd 1902 - what ? Answer : Motion picture theatre
Question : The word volar refers to what part/s of the body ? Answer : Palms of hands and
Question : The word vinegar come from French meaning what ? Answer : Sour Wine
Question : The word Utopia from Greek means what ? Answer : Nowhere
Question : The word tragedy is Greek what does it literally mean ? Answer : Goat Song - used to
Question : The word stymie originated in what sport ? Answer : Golf ball blocking you
Question : The word Sofa comes from the Arabic meaning what ? Answer : Bench
Question : The word Sahara is Arabic for what ? Answer : Desert
Question : The word rodent comes from the Latin rodere meaning what ? Answer : To Gnaw
Question : The word puppy comes from the French poupee - literally what ? Answer : Doll
Question : The word planet comes from Greek what's it literally mean ? Answer : Wanderers
Question : The word philosophy comes from Greek literally meaning what ? Answer : Love of wisdom
Question : The word opera is a plural of opus meaning what ? Answer : Grand Work
Question : The word nylon is made up from what ? Answer : New York - London
Question : The word negligee is French and suggests wearer does what ? Answer : Avoids refrains from
Question : The word Mongol means what in Mongolian ? Answer : Brave
Question : The word melee comes from what sport ? Answer : Football village play
Question : The word mattress what taken from which language ? Answer : Arabic
Question : The word Matrix in the Bible means what ? Answer : Womb
Question : The word gospel from Anglo Saxon literally means what ? Answer : Good Tidings
Question : The word for soda in Japanese when translated means what ? Answer : Poisoned Water
Question : The word electricity comes from the Greek word for what ? Answer : Amber
Question : The word cruise comes from which language ? Answer : Dutch Kruisen
Question : The word coyote comes from which language ? Answer : Aztec
Question : The word Calendar comes from Latin and means what ? Answer : To Call Out
Question : The word bungalow comes from which language ? Answer : Hindi
Question : The word bank comes from the Italian banco - literal meaning ? Answer : what Bench - where
Question : The word Atom comes from the Greek meaning what ? Answer : Indestructible
Question : The word athletics comes from the Greek athlos meaning what ? Answer : Contest
Question : The word Angel derives from the Greek meaning what ? Answer : Messenger
Question : The word amnesia (forgetfulness) derives from what language ? Answer : Greek
Question : The women's world cup in tennis is played for what trophy ? Answer : The Fed cup
Question : The Witches Curse alternative name which G&S operetta ? Answer : Ruddigore
Question : The Windmills of your Mind was a theme song in what film ? Answer : The Thomas Crown
Question : The windhover is an alternative name for which bird ? Answer : Kestrel
Question : The White House has 13092 of them - what ? Answer : Knives forks and
Question : The Wheel Spins Ethel Lina White basis for what Hitchcock film ? Answer : The Lady Vanishes
Question : The Westminster is the oldest and biggest what in the USA ? Answer : Dog Show
Question : The Welcome Stranger 173 lb was largest what ever found 1869 ? Answer : Gold Nugget
Question : The Weir of Hermiston - last unfinished novel of who ? Answer : Robert Louis
Question : The Walibri tribe central Australia greet each other how ? Answer : Shaking Penises
Question : The Wadomo tribe in Zimbabwe have what physical oddity ? Answer : Two toes each foot
Question : The W H O recons there are 100 million what each day ? Answer : Sex acts
Question : The Volga is Europe longest river what is the second longest ? Answer : Danube
Question : The Vietnamese call it The Brother the Chinese The Friend what ? Answer : Bamboo
Question : The Victorians began circumcision of male babies to stop what ? Answer : Masturbation
Question : The Venice Cup is for women only playing what ? Answer : Bridge
Question : The Vatican is the worlds smallest country what's second ? Answer : Monaco
Question : The USA president lives in the White House - Who Blue House ? Answer : President South Korea
Question : The USA has the most railtrack - what country second ? Answer : Canada
Question : The USA declared war on which country in 1898 ? Answer : Spain
Question : The USA call her the Maid of Honour what do the British call her ? Answer : The Chief Bridesmaid
Question : The US uses up 7000 tons of what annually ? Answer : Currency - it is
Question : The US IRS manual gives the plan for collecting taxes after what ? Answer : Nuclear War
Question : The US had 5% world population and 70% of worlds what ? Answer : Lawyers
Question : The US eat most ice cream per capita what country second ? Answer : New Zealand
Question : The United Nations in New York were originally where ? Answer : San Francisco
Question : The Undiscovered Country a Star Trek title taken from where ? Answer : Shakespeare's Hamlet
Question : The UIT govern what sport ? Answer : International shooting
Question : The tumblebug is an alternative name for which insect ? Answer : Dung Beetle
Question : The Treaty of Paris in 1856 ended which war ? Answer : The Crimean war
Question : The Travelmate was designed to allow women to do what ? Answer : Pee Standing Up
Question : The town of Banana in Queensland is named after what ? Answer : A huge bullock
Question : The title of whose book translates as my struggle ? Answer : Adolf Hitler
Question : The Titanic has a sister ship - name it ? Answer : The Olympic
Question : The Tilia is the Latin name for what type of tree ? Answer : Lime
Question : The Thunderbirds boys were named after what theme ? Answer : Apollo Astronauts
Question : The three toed sloth only does it every 10 days - what ? Answer : Defecate - or crap
Question : The Three Stars is the national ice hockey team which country ? Answer : Sweden
Question : The thickness of silk is measured in what ? Answer : Denier
Question : The term warts and all comes from a portrait of who ? Answer : Oliver Cromwell
Question : The term red herring comes from what activity ? Answer : Foxhunting
Question : The Ten Commandments what was number four ? Answer : Keep the Sabbath holy
Question : The Templeton prize is awarded annually for progress in what ? Answer : Religion
Question : The temple at Ephesus was sacred to who ? Answer : Diana
Question : The Sydney Olympic torch showed a boomerang and what else ? Answer : The Opera house
Question : The Swiss spend the worlds most money per capita on what ? Answer : Insurance
Question : The sweetener saccharin is made from what ? Answer : Coal Tar
Question : The Sweater Shop International was a competition which sport ? Answer : Snooker
Question : The Swathling Cup is played for in what sport ? Answer : Table Tennis
Question : The Sureto are the secret service of which country ? Answer : France
Question : The stuff that dreams are made off - last words in what film ? Answer : The Maltese Falcon
Question : The Stoner Case was a Sherlock Holmes play - later what story ? Answer : The Speckled Band
Question : The Stirling prize is awarded annually for which field of design ? Answer : Architecture
Question : The state tree of Arizona is really a legume - name it ? Answer : Palo Alto
Question : The Stasi were an intelligence organisation in what country ? Answer : East Germany
Question : The star Spica is in which constellation ? Answer : Virgo
Question : The star constellation Lepus has what English name ? Answer : The Hare
Question : The star constellation Grus has what English name ? Answer : The Crane
Question : The star constellation Ara has what English name ? Answer : The Alter
Question : The star Castor is in which constellation ? Answer : Gemini
Question : The star Antares is in which constellation ? Answer : Scorpius
Question : The Stanley cup was not awarded in 1919 what stopped it ? Answer : Influenza epidemic
Question : The sprat belongs to what fish family ? Answer : Herring
Question : The Spink standard catalogue lists information about what ? Answer : Coins
Question : The Spinet is another name for what old musical instrument ? Answer : The Virginal
Question : The Spear Leek was the original name of what food item ? Answer : Garlic
Question : The Spanish word Esposa means both wife and what ? Answer : Handcuffs
Question : The Soviet Sukhoi-34 fighter was the worlds first with what ? Answer : A Toilet in it
Question : The Sound and the Fury took its title from what other work ? Answer : Macbeth
Question : The song There is nothing like a dame appears in which musical ? Answer : South Pacific
Question : The song Mack the Knife comes from what stage show ? Answer : Threepenny Opera
Question : The song I Talk to the Trees comes from what musical ? Answer : Paint Your Wagon
Question : The song I know him so well comes from what stage musical ? Answer : Chess
Question : The Somers Islands has what more familiar name ? Answer : Bermuda
Question : The Soldiers Song is the National Anthem of what Country ? Answer : Republic of Ireland
Question : The sliothar is a leather covered cork ball used in which sport ? Answer : Hurling
Question : The sleeve of which album was the first to feature lyrics ? Answer : Beatles Sergeant
Question : The Slave of Duty is alternate title what G&S operetta ? Answer : Pirates of Penzance
Question : The Simpsons are the longest running cartoon who is second ? Answer : The Flintstones
Question : The Sicilian, French and Alekhines are all used in which game ? Answer : Chess
Question : The Shining Path is a revolutionary movement in which country ? Answer : Peru
Question : The Shadows first record went straight to no 1 - what was it ? Answer : Apache
Question : The SF award the Hugo is named after Hugo who? ? Answer : Gernsbeck
Question : The Seven Pillars of Wisdom comes from where ? Answer : Proverbs in Bible
Question : The sequel to which famous novel was called 20 years after ? Answer : The Three Musketeers
Question : The Semites are a group descended from whom ? Answer : Shem - Noah's son
Question : The Selenas Valley was the rejected title what Steinbeck book ? Answer : East of Eden
Question : The Sejm are the legislative body in which country ? Answer : Poland
Question : The second piller of Islam Salah involves what ? Answer : Daily prayers
Question : The Sea Cook was the original title of what famous novel ? Answer : Treasure Island
Question : The Savannah was the worlds first commercial what ? Answer : Atomic powered ship
Question : The San Andreas is what type of geological fault ? Answer : Conservative
Question : The same Louis did not consummate his marriage 7 years - why ? Answer : Overgrown Foreskin
Question : The Sam Maguire Trophy is played for in which sport ? Answer : Gaelic Football
Question : The Salk vaccine is used against what disease ? Answer : Polio
Question : The sale of what counterfeit delicacy outranged the French ? Answer : Truffles - White dyed
Question : The Saffir-Simpson scale measures the intensity of what ? Answer : Hurricanes
Question : The sackbut developed into which modern instrument ? Answer : Trombone
Question : The Russians used what to cure piles ? Answer : Potato suppositories
Question : The Russian composer Alexander Borodin had what other job ? Answer : Chemistry Professor
Question : The rover the last is red the rest are white in what sport ? Answer : Croquet hoops
Question : The Romans called it Numidia what do we call it today ? Answer : Algeria
Question : The Romans called it Mamcunium what is this English city ? Answer : Manchester
Question : The Romans called it Eboracum name this English city ? Answer : York
Question : The Romans called it Cambria - what do we call it ? Answer : Wales
Question : The Roman roadbuilders lacked which elementary tool ? Answer : Wheelbarrow
Question : The Roman province Maxima Ceasariensis was in what country ? Answer : England
Question : The Roman festival of Hilaria is equal to what modern day ? Answer : April Fools Day
Question : The Roman Apian Way went from Rome to where ? Answer : Brindisi - Brindisium
Question : The roadrunner belongs to what family of birds ? Answer : Cuckoo
Question : The rivers Lahn and Mosel are tributaries of what river ? Answer : The Rhine
Question : The Rimac river runs through what city ? Answer : Lima Peru
Question : The Rikkesmuseum is in what European city ? Answer : Amsterdam
Question : The Rhine rises in which country ? Answer : Switzerland
Question : The religious text Tripitaka comes from which religion ? Answer : Buddhism
Question : The religious text Mishna comes from which religion ? Answer : Judaism
Question : The Reknas company - Calcutta worlds biggest exporter what ? Answer : Human (skeletons)
Question : The Red Rose City has what more common name in Jordan ? Answer : Petra
Question : The Rambunctious and Clever Ones what films name in Taiwan ? Answer : Wayne's World
Question : The quokka is a member of which animal family ? Answer : Wallaby
Question : The Queen has what music with her breakfast ? Answer : Bagpipes - Started by
Question : The Punjab is an area of India meaning what ? Answer : Five Rivers
Question : The profits from the 1929 edition of Mein Kampf went to where ? Answer : International Red
Question : The Primes and The Distants merged to form what group ? Answer : The Temptations
Question : The President of Gabon banned the use of what word in country ? Answer : Pygmy
Question : The pop group Satan's Jesters found fame under what name ? Answer : The Rolling Stones
Question : The ponderosa pine is the state tree of which US state ? Answer : Montana
Question : The Pogues took their name from Pogue Mahone - what mean ? Answer : Kiss my arse
Question : The Plains of Abraham overlook which city ? Answer : Quebec
Question : The Pirate Khair-ed-Din had what Italian name meaning redbeard ? Answer : Barberossa
Question : The Pindus is the main mountain range in what country ? Answer : Greece
Question : The pica pica is what common bird ? Answer : Magpie
Question : The Phoenician symbol for mouth is now what letter of alphabet ? Answer : P theirs was Pe
Question : The pharaoh hound is the only dog that does what ? Answer : Blushes - Nose and
Question : The PH scale measures acid or alkali what's PH stand for ? Answer : Potential of Hydrogen
Question : The petawatt is the worlds largest what ? Answer : Laser
Question : The Perils of Penelope and Dastardly and Mutley spin offs what ? Answer : Wacky Races
Question : The Pentagon accidentally ordered 82 year supply of which food ? Answer : Freeze dried Tuna
Question : The penny red was the first postage stamp to have what ? Answer : Perforations
Question : The penny black - worlds first stamp - what was second ? Answer : Two penny Blue
Question : The Passion Play is performed every 10 years where ? Answer : Oberammergau
Question : The Parthenon is named after Athena Parthenon what's it mean ? Answer : Virgin or Maiden
Question : The Paramours changed their name to what gaining fame ? Answer : Righteous Brothers
Question : The paraclete is another name for which Christian religious item ? Answer : The Holy Spirit
Question : The Pampero blows over which mountains ? Answer : Andes
Question : The Owen Ford Dam one of worlds largest is in which country ? Answer : Uganda
Question : The original Peeping Tom had what job ? Answer : Tailor
Question : The origin of the word penis is Latin meaning what ? Answer : Tail
Question : The orchestra usually tunes up to what instrument ? Answer : Oboe
Question : The opera The Tsar Sultan contains what famous musical piece ? Answer : The Flight of the
Question : The opera Aida was commissioned in 1869 to mark what event ? Answer : Opening Suez canal
Question : The opening lines of which classic Russian novel are in French ? Answer : War and Peace eh
Question : The oldest written plan of government in effect is in what country ? Answer : United States of
Question : The oldest one in America still working opened in 1829 what ? Answer : Brewery
Question : The old French Royal family - Boy Scouts share what symbol ? Answer : Fleur-de-lis
Question : The Old Aztecs played ollamalitzi what game does it resemble ? Answer : Basketball
Question : The okapi belongs to what family of animals ? Answer : Giraffe
Question : The numbers on what if added come to 666 ? Answer : Roulette wheel
Question : The Nullarbor desert is in Western Australia what's it mean ? Answer : No Trees Null Arbor
Question : The Nuer people come from which country ? Answer : Sudan
Question : The North and South Islands of New Zealand separated by what ? Answer : Cook Strait
Question : The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band first USA group to do what 1977 ? Answer : Tour USSR
Question : The Ngorogoro crater is in what Tanzanian National Park ? Answer : Serengeti
Question : The Newbery Medal is given annually for what ? Answer : Best Children's book
Question : The New Testament originally written in what language ? Answer : Greek
Question : The Necromancer in The Hobbit became who in later works ? Answer : Sauron
Question : The Napstar logo shows headphones on what ? Answer : A cat
Question : The name of which language means off the coast in Arabic ? Answer : Swahili
Question : The name of which Indian city means Village of Boiled Beans ? Answer : Bangalore
Question : The name of which fabric comes from the Persian word for spun ? Answer : Taffeta
Question : The name of which countries capital means good air ? Answer : Argentina - Buenos
Question : The name of which animal means does not drink ? Answer : Koala
Question : The name of what product - German water Greek olive Oil ? Answer : Vaseline Wasser
Question : The name of this animal translates as ghost what is it ? Answer : The Lemur
Question : The name Mark translates a what ? Answer : Hammer
Question : The name Malissa means what ? Answer : Bee
Question : The name Jesse means what in Hebrew ? Answer : Wealth
Question : The name Hilary comes from Latin meaning what ? Answer : Cheerfulness
Question : The name Gregory is from the Greek meaning what ? Answer : Watchman
Question : The name for which body organ translates as all flesh ? Answer : Pancreas
Question : The name Europe comes from where ? Answer : Greek Mythology
Question : The name Calvin has what unfortunate Latin meaning ? Answer : Bald
Question : The musical word scherzo comes from Italian meaning what ? Answer : Joke
Question : The musical instrument piccolo means what in Italian ? Answer : Small
Question : The musical Chu Chin Chow is based on what fable ? Answer : Ali Baba and the forty
Question : The museum of what can be found at Pontedassio in Italy ? Answer : Spaghetti
Question : The Musee de Orsay in Paris was originally what ? Answer : Railway Station
Question : The Murryfield Racers play which sport ? Answer : Ice Hockey
Question : The murder of Gonzago was performed in what Shakespeare play ? Answer : Hamlet
Question : The most common hat in the world is made out of what ? Answer : Bamboo
Question : The Moluccas are better known as where ? Answer : Spice Islands
Question : The minnow is the smallest member of what fish family ? Answer : Carp
Question : The Millennial Dawnists changed their name to what ? Answer : Jehovah's Witnesses
Question : The milk of what creature will not curdle ? Answer : Camel
Question : The Mexican bearded and what are the only venomous lizards ? Answer : Gila Monster
Question : The Merryman and his Maid alt title what G&S operetta ? Answer : The Yeomen of the
Question : The Merry Go Round is Broken Down - whose melody is that ? Answer : Looney Tunes
Question : The medical journal Practitioner 1923 said it will never happen? ? Answer : Teaching of
Question : The Mbuti tribe in Africa are the worlds what ? Answer : Shortest race
Question : The Mau Mau were terrorists in which country late 50s early 60s ? Answer : Kenya
Question : The Mason-Dixon line separates Pennsylvania and what state ? Answer : Maryland
Question : The martial art tai quon do translates literally as what ? Answer : Kick Art Way
Question : The Marino sheep originated in what country ? Answer : Spain
Question : The Mariners Compass or Pyxis is what ? Answer : Constellation
Question : The marimba is a African form of what musical instrument ? Answer : Xylophone
Question : The Marie Celeste sailed from which port ? Answer : New York
Question : The Mantu and Heath tests check for what infectious disease ? Answer : Tuberculosis
Question : The mandylion is another name for which contentious object ? Answer : The Turin Shroud
Question : The male of what species explodes on mating - then dies ? Answer : Honeybee
Question : The lutra-lutra is which semi aquatic animal ? Answer : Otter
Question : The Louvre Museum - Palace - but what was it first ? Answer : Fort
Question : The longest section American slang dictionary what subject ? Answer : Vomit
Question : The longest recorded one lasted 51.5 minutes - what ? Answer : Tennis rally1029
Question : The locals call it Shqiperia what do we call this country ? Answer : Albania
Question : The locals call it Misi what do we call this country ? Answer : Egypt
Question : The locals call it Metohkangmi what do we call it ? Answer : Abominable
Question : The locals call it Kaapstad what do we call it ? Answer : Capetown
Question : The locals call it Firenze what do we call it ? Answer : Florence Italy
Question : The locals call it Druk Yul - Land of the Dragon what country ? Answer : Bhutan
Question : The locals call it Al-Magrib what do we call this country ? Answer : Morocco
Question : The liquor Curacao is flavoured with what ? Answer : Orange
Question : The liqueur crème de cassis is made from what ? Answer : Blackcurrants
Question : The linden tree is also called what ? Answer : Lime tree
Question : The letter B comes from Egyptian hieroglyphics meaning what ? Answer : House
Question : The Lent Lilly has a more common name - what ? Answer : Daffodil
Question : The length of what is approximately 1/10th circumference of earth ? Answer : Great wall of China
Question : The leach has 32 what - humans only got one ? Answer : Brains
Question : The last line of which TV show was "Good bye Margaret" ? Answer : MASH
Question : The larva of the click beetle is called what ? Answer : Wireworm
Question : The Ladies Mercury in 1693 was the worlds first what ? Answer : Women's magazine
Question : The lack of calcium in the diet causes what condition ? Answer : Rickets
Question : The Kung San people live in what area of Africa ? Answer : Kalahari Desert in
Question : The Koh-i-Nor is a famous diamond - what does the name mean ? Answer : Mountain of Light
Question : The kinkajou belongs to what family of animals ? Answer : Raccoon
Question : The King of Barataria alternative name what G&S operetta ? Answer : The Gondoliers
Question : The King Cobra is the only snake that does what ? Answer : Builds a Nest
Question : The Jewish prayer for the dead Kaddish is in what language ? Answer : Written Hebrew but in
Question : The Jelbukk is a Swedish Xmas decoration - what is it ? Answer : Straw Goat
Question : The jealous Athena turned who into a spider ? Answer : Arachne
Question : The Japanese believed Earthquakes caused by underground what ? Answer : Giant Spider
Question : The Italians call it pesce what is it in English ? Answer : Fish
Question : The Italian for tail what comes at the end of a musical score ? Answer : Coda
Question : The Italian Date is a common name of what fruit ? Answer : Tamarind
Question : The Italian Chianina is recognises as being the oldest what ? Answer : Breed of Cattle
Question : The island of Yap has the worlds largest what ? Answer : Coins up to 12 feet
Question : The Island of Sheep was the last novel of what Buchan Hero ? Answer : Richard Hannay
Question : The is no known language without a word for this creature - what ? Answer : Butterfly
Question : The Ionian islands are nearest what country ? Answer : Greece
Question : The Invisible Empire is better known as what ? Answer : Klu Klux Klan
Question : The interior of what is called the paste ? Answer : Cheese round
Question : The Intelligent whale was the nickname of an early what ? Answer : Submarine
Question : The initials pc on a medicine means it should be taken when ? Answer : After Meals
Question : The Indian name Singh translates as what ? Answer : Lion
Question : The Indestructible Iron man fights against the Electronic Gang ? Answer : Hong Kong translation of what
Question : The IHF govern what sport ? Answer : International Handball
Question : The Ideal toy company was the first to mass produce what item ? Answer : Teddy Bears
Question : The IAAF finally recognised women in which sport in 1995 ? Answer : Pole Vault
Question : The human bodies got 45 miles of them - what ? Answer : Nerves
Question : The Hula Hoop was illegal in what country ? Answer : Finland
Question : The Horned Planet is better known as what ? Answer : Venus
Question : The horned dinosaur Torosaurus had the biggest what on land ? Answer : Head - Skull nine feet
Question : The hop-low is the worlds smallest what ? Answer : Mushroom
Question : The Hindu trinity are Shiva Vishnu and who ? Answer : Brahma
Question : The highest USA rank killed WW2 Lt General who killed him ? Answer : US Army Air Corps
Question : The head of which organisation is known as The Black Pope ? Answer : The Jesuits
Question : The Hart memorial trophy is awarded in which professional sport ? Answer : Ice Hockey
Question : The Harlem Globetrotters had what signature tune ? Answer : Sweet Georgia Brown
Question : The half wit Smike appears in which Dickens novel ? Answer : Nicholas Nickleby
Question : The guillotine was invented for chopping off what ? Answer : Hands
Question : The group Simply Red were named after what ? Answer : Man Utd football club
Question : The Greeks used hexagonal or triangular ones of burnt clay what ? Answer : Coffins
Question : The Greek word meaning The writings of prostitutes now what ? Answer : Pornography
Question : The Greek version of what is called the Septuagint ? Answer : Old Testament
Question : The Greek Goddess Ephesus is the Goddess of what ? Answer : Chastity
Question : The Greek for circle of animals gives it name to what ? Answer : Zodiac
Question : The Great Gazoo was an alien in which cartoon series ? Answer : The Flintstones
Question : The grand prix d'Endurance is run on which circuit ? Answer : Le Mans 24 hour race
Question : The GRA govern which sport ? Answer : Greyhound Racing
Question : The Golden Rain is the common name of what tree ? Answer : Laburnum
Question : The golden lion is awarded at which film festival ? Answer : Venice
Question : The Golden Bear is awarded at which film festival ? Answer : Berlin
Question : The Gluckauf was the worlds first what ? Answer : Oil Tanker
Question : The Gloucester E 28/39 first flew in 1941 - what was unusual ? Answer : Whittle Jet Engine
Question : The Glis Glis was fattened and eaten by the Romans what is it ? Answer : Edible Dormouse
Question : The giant Kvasir in Norse mythology has what power ? Answer : Wisdom
Question : The Gettysburg Address was written on what ? Answer : Used envelopes
Question : The Germans call them Stumphhose - what are they ? Answer : Tights
Question : The game pailemalle played on grass evolved into what ? Answer : Billiards
Question : The furcula is what part of a bird ? Answer : Wishbone
Question : The French say Bis - what word do the English use ? Answer : Encore
Question : The French newspaper La Monde translates as what ? Answer : The World
Question : The French musical instrument The Viola has what other name ? Answer : The Alto
Question : The French Laurousse Gastronomique 9 recopies cooking what ? Answer : Camels
Question : The French call it The Casserole what do we call it ? Answer : The Big Dipper
Question : The French call it pomplamouse what do we call it ? Answer : Grapefruit
Question : The French call it Pas de Calais what do the English call it ? Answer : Straits of Dover
Question : The French call it nature morte the Spanish bodegon what is it ? Answer : Still Life painting
Question : The French call it La Mort aux Trousses what Hitchcock film is it ? Answer : North by Northwest
Question : The French call it L' Herbe Royal what do we call it ? Answer : Basil
Question : The French call it Gulf de Gascoine what's its English name ? Answer : Bay of Biscay
Question : The French call it creame anglaise what do we call it ? Answer : Custard
Question : The French call it "La Train Sifflera Trois Fois" what film is it ? Answer : High Noon
Question : The Foudrinier machine is used to manufacture what ? Answer : Paper
Question : The Fool in French and the Runner in German what in English ? Answer : Chess Bishop - Fou -
Question : The foghorn of the QE2 plays in what note ? Answer : A Flat
Question : The flowers of the curry plant are what colour ? Answer : Yellow
Question : The flower convallaria is better known as what ? Answer : Lily of the Valley
Question : The fleur de lis is a representation of which flower ? Answer : Iris
Question : The Flavian Amphitheatre is better known as what ? Answer : Colosseum in Rome
Question : The fish eating bulldog is what type of creature ? Answer : A Bat
Question : The FIS governs what sport ? Answer : International Ski
Question : The first what was installed in Antarctica in 1997 ? Answer : ATM cash point
Question : The first what was called The Original ? Answer : Purpose built lifeboat
Question : The first US copyrighted film showed what in 1894 ? Answer : A man sneezing
Question : The first puck used in an ice hockey game was made of what ? Answer : Frozen cow shit
Question : The first one was delivered in 1933 - the first what ? Answer : Singing Telegram
Question : The first one was 5 x 20 the first what ? Answer : Spreadsheet
Question : The first official baseball hat was made of what ? Answer : Straw
Question : The first known what happened in Wisconsin 1878 ? Answer : Organised motor race
Question : The first cartoon character on the Beano was Eggo what was he ? Answer : Ostrich
Question : The first Apple Mac hard disk was how big ? Answer : 5 Megabytes
Question : The Finnish know her as Tuna what do we call her ? Answer : Cinderella
Question : The film The Madness of King George III Dropped III - why ? Answer : So Americans don’t
Question : The film Midnight Express is set in which country ? Answer : Turkey
Question : The film Cleopatra was banned in Egypt in 1963 why ? Answer : Liz Taylor Jewish
Question : The film 10 Rillington Place is based on which British serial killer ? Answer : Reginald Christie
Question : The filbert is an alternative name for which nut ? Answer : Hazelnut
Question : The filaments for the first electric lamp were made from what ? Answer : Bamboo
Question : The Fields Medal is equal to a Nobel prize in what area ? Answer : Mathematics
Question : The FIC govern what sport ? Answer : Canoeing
Question : The fennec is the smallest of its species - the smallest what ? Answer : Fox
Question : The FEI govern what sport ? Answer : Equestrian
Question : The false plane tree is better known as what ? Answer : The Sycamore
Question : The Fagus is the Latin name of what type of tree ? Answer : Beech
Question : The fable The Hare and the Tortoise - what animal judges race ? Answer : The Fox
Question : The eyes of which animal have rectangular pupils ? Answer : Goat
Question : The Epstein-Barr virus causes what illness ? Answer : Glandular fever
Question : The Emperors cup is awarded in what sport ? Answer : Sumo wrestling
Question : The Emperor Augustus banned his men wearing silk - why ? Answer : It was Effeminate
Question : The electric light first available product what's second ? Answer : Electric Oven
Question : The Egyptian god Horus had the head of what creature ? Answer : Falcon
Question : The Eggplant is part of what family of plants ? Answer : Thistle
Question : The Egg and I was whose first film ? Answer : Marilyn Munroe
Question : The Easter lily is a native plant of which country ? Answer : Japan
Question : The earth pig is what animal ? Answer : Aardvark
Question : The earliest recorded one held 1887 Sheen House Richmond ? ? Answer : Motorcycle Race
Question : The earliest paper written in Latin is a woman's writing what is it ? Answer : Invitation to a party
Question : The dybbuk is a creature in which peoples mythology ? Answer : Jewish migrating soul
Question : The Dutch Royal family are Orange where is Orange ? Answer : Village in France
Question : The dunnock is another name for which common bird ? Answer : Hedge Sparrow
Question : The Dove awards are presented annually for what ? Answer : Gospel music
Question : The Dogs of War took its title from which other work ? Answer : Shakespeare's Julius
Question : The dog breed borzoi gets it name from the Russian for what ? Answer : Fleet or swift
Question : The dinosaur apatosaurus used to be called what ? Answer : Brontosaurus
Question : The Detours changed to The High Numbers then what name ? Answer : The Who
Question : The density of what is measured on the Rngelmann scale ? Answer : Smoke
Question : The Demologos was the first steam powered what ? Answer : Warship
Question : The De Beaumont centre in London specialises in what sport ? Answer : Fencing
Question : The Davis Strait lies between Canada and where ? Answer : Greenland
Question : The Daleks come from what planet ? Answer : Skaro
Question : The continental title baron is equal to which UK title ? Answer : Earl
Question : The constellation Norma has what English name ? Answer : Level
Question : The constellation Mensa has what English name ? Answer : Table
Question : The constellation Lacerta has what English name ? Answer : Lizard
Question : The Comstock load is a silver deposit in what US state ? Answer : Nevada
Question : The computer language LISP means what ? Answer : List Processing
Question : The comma bacillus causes what disease ? Answer : Cholera
Question : The colossus of Rhodes was a statue of who ? Answer : Apollo
Question : The Colossus of Rhodes was a statue of who ? Answer : Helios the sun god
Question : The cob nut is the fruit of what tree ? Answer : Hazel
Question : The clusec is the unit measuring the power of what ? Answer : Vacuum pumps
Question : The classical music term fugue comes from Latin meaning what ? Answer : Flight
Question : The city council of Chico California set a $500 fine for what ? Answer : Exploding nuclear
Question : The chupacabra is a legendary Mexican animal what in English ? Answer : Goat Sucker
Question : The Chronic Argonauts was the original title of what SF book ? Answer : The Time Machine
Question : The Chinese year cycle starts with 1st to ask Buddha which ? Answer : Rat
Question : The Chinese scattered firecrackers around the house - why ? Answer : Fire Alarms
Question : The Chinese pictogram for trouble also means what ? Answer : Two women under
Question : The Chinese only do it every 10 years - what ? Answer : Celebrate Birthdays
Question : The Chinese apple is another name for what fruit ? Answer : Pomegranate
Question : The Character Mary Goodnight was the Bond girl in which film ? Answer : The man with the
Question : The character Marion Crane died in what film ? Answer : Psycho in the shower
Question : The character Lieutenant Pinkerton appears in what work ? Answer : Madam Butterfly
Question : The chako war 1932 1935 was between which two countries ? Answer : Bolivia and Paraguay
Question : The Central Perk Café appears in which TV series ? Answer : Friends
Question : The cast iron plant is another name for which pot plant ? Answer : Aspidistra
Question : The Cassegranian, Gregorian and Schmidt are types of what ? Answer : Telescopes
Question : The Caspian Java Bali what became extinct in 19th Century ? Answer : Tigers
Question : The Carmelite monks have what more common name ? Answer : Whitefriers
Question : The capitol of Nigeria was Lagos what is it now ? Answer : Abouga
Question : The Campbell-Stokes recorder measures what with a glass ball ? Answer : Sunshine
Question : The Camorra was the forerunner of what organisation in the USA ? Answer : The Mafia
Question : The buffalo weaver is the only bird to develop a false what ? Answer : Penis to flash for
Question : The brutal treatment of Billy Hayes was the inspiration what film ? Answer : Midnight Express
Question : The Brownies ( junior Girl Guides) used to be named what ? Answer : The Rosebuds
Question : The Bronte sisters had a brother name him ? Answer : Branwell
Question : The British Raj in India lasted 90 years what's it literally mean ? Answer : Rule
Question : The British Patent Office since 1949 banned patents for what ? Answer : Perpetual Motion
Question : The British consume twice as much per capita as the US - what ? Answer : Baked Beans
Question : The British call it Shrove Tuesday (pancake day) what in France ? Answer : Mardi Gras
Question : The British army used to wear puttees - what's it literally mean ? Answer : Bandages from Hindu
Question : The Boys from Syracuse is based on what Shakespeare play ? Answer : The comedy of errors
Question : The Bovespa is the stock exchange in which country ? Answer : Brazil
Question : The Blur Max medal was named after Max who ? Answer : Max Immelmann
Question : The Black Swan is native to which country ? Answer : Australia
Question : The Black Death came to England from what port ? Answer : Calais
Question : The black and white episode of Chicago Hope is a tribute to who ? Answer : Alfred Hitchcock
Question : The Beverley Hillbillies came from what Ozarks town ? Answer : Hooterville
Question : The Best or Nothing is the motto of what company ? Answer : Mercedes-Bentz
Question : The Bermuda Bowl is world championship in which game ? Answer : Bridge
Question : The Beatles film Help was dedicated to the inventor of what ? Answer : Sewing Machine -
Question : The Bazuki is a traditional musical instrument of what country ? Answer : Greece
Question : The Bank of Italy changed its name to what ? Answer : The Bank of America
Question : The bander macaque has which commoner name ? Answer : Rhesus Monkey
Question : The band Steely Dan are named after what ? Answer : Slang for Penis
Question : The Bald Eagle is Americas bird - What is Britain's ? Answer : Robin
Question : The Bahunia a five petal wild orchid is the symbol of where ? Answer : Hong Kong
Question : The back of what item is called a gore ? Answer : A Sock
Question : The Aztecs reckoned it was the food of the gods what was ? Answer : Chocolate
Question : The Aztecs Ayecotl is a forerunner of what current food ? Answer : Haricot Beans
Question : The average what is designed to last for 180 wearings ? Answer : Bra
Question : The average West German does it every seven days - what ? Answer : Changes washes
Question : The average size of what is a grain of sand ? Answer : Meteor
Question : The average person spends 8 years of their life doing what ? Answer : Being ill
Question : The average person spends 12 years of their life doing what ? Answer : Watching TV
Question : The average person in a lifetime grows 7 foot of what ? Answer : Nose Hair
Question : The average person has 1460 what each year ? Answer : Dreams
Question : The average person eats 800 in their lifetime 800 what ? Answer : Chickens
Question : The average person does what 16 times a day ? Answer : Swear
Question : The average person does it thirteen times a day - what ? Answer : Laughs
Question : The average person does it 17 times a day - what ? Answer : Laugh
Question : The average one has 248 muscles in its head - what ? Answer : Caterpillar
Question : The average Manhattan wife takes 14 minutes to do what in bed ? Answer : Turn off Light
Question : The average man or woman spends one year of their life - what ? Answer : On the Telephone
Question : The average male loses a lb (weight ) of what in 10 years ? Answer : Beard
Question : The average human has seven what each day ? Answer : Sex Fantasies
Question : The average chocolate bar has eight what in it ? Answer : Insects legs
Question : The average child wears out 730 by age ten 730 what ? Answer : Crayons
Question : The average Britain in their lifetime eats 5400 what ? Answer : Bags Crisps - chips
Question : The average Britain in their lifetime eats 4907 what ? Answer : Loafs of Bread
Question : The average Britain in their life consumes 18 lb of what ? Answer : Dirt bad washed food
Question : The average Britain in their life consumes 1000 lb of what ? Answer : Carrots
Question : The average Britain consumes 4907 what in their lifetime ? Answer : Loaves of bread
Question : The average Britain consumes 14571 what in their lifetime ? Answer : Pints of beer
Question : The average American eats 5666 what in their lifetime ? Answer : Fried Eggs
Question : The average American does what for 52 minutes a day ? Answer : Read a Newspaper
Question : The Average American does what 22 times a day ? Answer : Opens Fridge
Question : The average American does it 1811 times in their life - what ? Answer : Eat at MacDonald's
Question : The average American consumes 9lbs of what every year ? Answer : Food Additives
Question : The author of Moll Flanders wrote which more famous work ? Answer : Robinson Crusoe
Question : The Audi car company created by August Horch - means what Latin ? Answer : Bear
Question : The Attock is a forbidden river that no pure who can pass ? Answer : Hindu
Question : The asteroidea are which order of creatures ? Answer : Starfish
Question : The Associated Powers - the original proposed name of what ? Answer : The United Nations
Question : The artist Seurat employed which technique ? Answer : Pointillism
Question : The artist Abbott Thayer's developed what for military use ? Answer : Camouflage colours
Question : The are six sides on a standard one - a standard what ? Answer : Pencil
Question : The are 336 on a standard one 336 what on what ? Answer : Dimples on a Golf
Question : The are 16 of these on a dollar bill - 16 what ? Answer : Number One
Question : The Arcocarpus altilis was involved in a mutiny - what is it ? Answer : Breadfruit
Question : The Archie Moore cup is competed for in which sport ? Answer : Polo
Question : The araucaria has what more common name ? Answer : The Monkey Puzzle
Question : The Arabs call it Al-Maghrib what do we call it ? Answer : Morocco
Question : The Aphrodite of Melos has a more famous name - what ? Answer : Venus de Milo
Question : The annual Hackademy awards are given for what ? Answer : Smoking in films
Question : The angel shark has what other name ? Answer : The monkfish
Question : The Andaman Islands are in which bay ? Answer : The Bay of Bengal
Question : The ancient Egyptians worshiped a sky Goddess name her ? Answer : Nut
Question : The ancient Egyptian word for cat was mau - what does it mean ? Answer : To see
Question : The American Triple Crown - Belmont st Kentucky Derby and? ? Answer : Preakness Stakes
Question : The Amazon river rises in which country ? Answer : Peru
Question : The Amazon river dolphins are what colour ? Answer : Pink
Question : The Amati family were famous for making what ? Answer : Violins
Question : The Althing rules in which country ? Answer : Iceland
Question : The Alley Cats was the working title of which TV show ? Answer : Charlie's Angels
Question : The Algonquin Indians believed the earth was on what ? Answer : Giant tortoise
Question : The Algarve is in what country ? Answer : Portugal
Question : The Air Canada Silver Broom is won in which sport ? Answer : Curling
Question : The African Queen Bogart Hepburn but who should it have been ? Answer : David Niven Bette
Question : The African and French marigolds are native to what country ? Answer : Mexico
Question : The Afghani tribesmen drink Khoona on wedding night what is it ? Answer : Watered down warm
Question : The Afghan Taliban use which colour of flag ? Answer : White
Question : The Aetherius Society believes who is alive and living on Venus ? Answer : Jesus Christ
Question : The Adventure Gallery was whose ship ? Answer : Captain Kidd
Question : The Acropolis - what does the word literally mean ? Answer : Highest point (of a
Question : The Academie Francaise ensures the purity of what ? Answer : The French language
Question : The aardvark is the first animal in the dictionary what's second ? Answer : Aardwolf
Question : The A1 is the longest trunk road in the UK between what 2 cities ? Answer : London - Edinburgh
Question : The 9 banded armadillo and humans have what in common ? Answer : Both catch Leprosy
Question : The 42 string guitar is correctly called what ? Answer : Pikasso guitar
Question : The 1961 Mercedes 300sx had two firsts name either ? Answer : Gull Wing doors -
Question : Thaslophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Sitting Idle - doing
Question : Thanatos in Greek Mors in Roman Gods of what ? Answer : Death
Question : Thanatology is the study of what ? Answer : Death
Question : Thames water removes a ton of it monthly from sewage - what ? Answer : Pubic Hair - system
Question : Thalia is one of the muses - what's her subject ? Answer : Comedy
Question : Texas prisons have banned death row prisoners last what ? Answer : Cigarette - bad for
Question : Texans consume 40% of farm grown what in the USA ? Answer : Catfish
Question : Tete-beche is a familiar term in which hobby ? Answer : Stamp Collecting
Question : Tessenjutsu is a martial art based on the use of what item ? Answer : A Fan
Question : Terry Bollea became famous under what name ? Answer : Hulk Hogan
Question : Terrence Nezman became more famous as who ? Answer : Stanley Kubrick
Question : Terrance Nelhams became better knows as who ? Answer : Adam Faith
Question : Terra Psittacorum was an early name for which country ? Answer : Australia
Question : Termites eat wood twice as fast if what is happening ? Answer : Heavy Metal Music
Question : Term literally jointed foot applies to insects spiders and crabs ? Answer : Arthropods
Question : Tequila Cointreau (triple sec) and lime make which cocktail ? Answer : Margarita
Question : Tenzin Gyatso became what in 1937 ? Answer : Dali Lama
Question : Tennis what links Coke Rolex Slazenger Robinson's Barley water ? Answer : Only adverts
Question : Ten 1000 virgins bought insurance against what in 2000 ? Answer : Immaculate
Question : Tempera uses water and what to paint with ? Answer : Egg Yoke
Question : Tellus was the Greek god of what ? Answer : Earth
Question : Telesphobia is a fear of what ? Answer : Being Last
Question : Telephone poles are mostly made from what wood ? Answer : Chestnut
Question : Tefnut was the Egyptian goddess of what ? Answer : Rain
Question : Teaching what subject banned Oxbridge Unis King George VI ? Answer : Astrology
Question : Tchaikovsky died of which disease ? Answer : Cholera
Question : Tasseomancy is fortune telling using what ? Answer : Tea Leaves
Question : Tartuffo in Spain Kartoffel in Germany and Russia what is ? Answer : Potato
Question : Tarom Airlines is the national carrier of which country ? Answer : Romania
Question : Taphophobia is fear of what ? Answer : Buried Alive
Question : TAP is the national airline of which country ? Answer : Portugal
Question : Tanjong Panger Container Terminal where worlds largest con port ? Answer : Singapore
Question : Tamarack Idaho can't buy what after dark without sheriff permit ? Answer : Onions
Question : Taliban women required by law to wear what on left arms ? Answer : Tattoo of husbands
Question : Taken literally what should you see in a Hippodrome ? Answer : Horses
Question : Taidje Khan became famous under which name ? Answer : Yul Brynner
Question : TABSO is the national airline of which country ? Answer : Bulgaria
Question : Table Tennis competitions only two coloured balls allowed what ? Answer : White and Yellow
Question : Taal is an alternative name for what language ? Answer : Afrikaans
Question : T H White wrote the book for which Disney animated feature ? Answer : Sword in the Stone
Question : Syngenesophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Your relatives
Question : Syncope is the medical name for what condition ? Answer : Fainting
Question : Symbolics.com was the worlds first what ? Answer : Registered domain
Question : Sylvester Stallone film shares name with Paris art movement ? Answer : Cobra
Question : Sylvester and Tweety Pie - Cat Bird started out as what ? Answer : Clown and Baby
Question : Syd Barett, Roger Waters, Richard Wright, Nick Mason - Group ? Answer : Pink Floyd
Question : Swine is a Chinese brand name of which food ? Answer : Chocolate
Question : Swansons introduced them in 1953 - what ? Answer : TV Dinners
Question : Suzy was a star of a 60s TV show what character did she play ? Answer : Flipper the dolphin
Question : Susseration is what ? Answer : Whispering
Question : Susannah Yolanda Fletcher became famous as who ? Answer : Susannah York
Question : Susan Abigail Tomalin became famous as who ? Answer : Susan Saradon
Question : Surveyed 70% of US females said they preferred this to sex what ? Answer : Chocolate
Question : Superstition if a woman sees a robin Valentines day marry who ? Answer : Sailor
Question : Suomi is the name the natives give to what country ? Answer : Finland
Question : Sunrise Sunset came from which Broadway musical show ? Answer : Fiddler on the Roof
Question : Sunglasses were invented in China to do what ? Answer : Hide a Judges eyes
Question : Sumo cant be Olympic because it bans women - why ? Answer : Menstrual cycle
Question : Sukkot is a festival in which religion ? Answer : Jewish
Question : Sufferers from lambdacism cannot do what ? Answer : Pronounce letter R
Question : Suez is at one end of the Suez canal what is at the other ? Answer : Port Said
Question : Students at Cambridge - no dogs - what Lord Byron keep ? Answer : Bear
Question : Struthio Cameus is the Latin name of which creature ? Answer : The Ostrich
Question : Strontium 90 was the original name of which band ? Answer : The Police
Question : Strine is the vernacular language spoken in which country ? Answer : Australia
Question : Strabismus is the correct name for what condition ? Answer : A Squint
Question : Storm Warning the only film in which this Actress killed who ? Answer : Doris Day
Question : Stingray Bay named by Cook is now known as what ? Answer : Botany Bay
Question : Sting Vogue Moschino Adidas Police Wires Ice types of what ? Answer : Spectacles - Glasses
Question : Stewart Goddard changed his name to become what pop hit ? Answer : Adam Ant
Question : Steven the 1st founded what country in 1000 ad ? Answer : Hungary
Question : Steven Georgi is now Yussef Islam what other name had he ? Answer : Cat Stevens
Question : Steve McQueen, Charles Bronson, Donald Pleasance, James ? Answer :
Question : Steve McQueen played Hiltz Great Escape what's first name ? Answer : Virgil
Question : Sterling Holloway was original voice of which Disney character ? Answer : Winnie the Pooh
Question : Sterlet is the rarest most expensive what ? Answer : Caviar - tiny eggs
Question : Stephano and Trinculo characters in which Shakespeare play ? Answer : The Tempest
Question : Stephanie Powers was Girl from UNCLE characters name ? Answer : April Dancer
Question : Steely Dan is a band but what was the original steely dan ? Answer : Chrome dildo
Question : STDs are the most costly health problem in the USA what's 2nd ? Answer : Dog Bites
Question : Starts with F ends with K if you cant get one you use your hand ? Answer : Fork
Question : Starting highest write the Roman Numerals in descending order ? Answer : MDCLXVI or 1966
Question : Star which TV show really a programmer written 20 books on it ? Answer : Buffy Vampire Slayer
Question : Stanley Kubricks Full Metal Jacket was filmed in what Location ? Answer : London's Dockland
Question : Stanley Gibbons started as a chemist but changed to what ? Answer : Stamp Dealers
Question : Stanley Burrell became famous as who ? Answer : MC Hammer
Question : Stan laurel, Mickey Rooney, Lana Turner what in common ? Answer : 8 marriages
Question : Stamps are the most collected thing in the USA what is second ? Answer : Dolls
Question : Stage role, written for a man, took 80 years to be played by one ? Answer : Peter Pan RSC 1982
Question : Stag Party was the original name of what ? Answer : Playboy Magazine
Question : St Stevens Tower is usually misnamed what ? Answer : Big Ben
Question : St Snithney is the patron saint of what ? Answer : Mad Dogs
Question : St Sithney is the Patron Saint of what ? Answer : Mad Dogs
Question : St Peter was the first Pope - Who was second ? Answer : St Linus
Question : St Luke followed what profession before joining Jesus ? Answer : Medicine
Question : St John the Divine wrote which book of the Bible ? Answer : Revelations
Question : St Gerard is the Patron Saint of who ? Answer : Pregnant Women
Question : St Fiacre is the Patron Saint of what ? Answer : Piles
Question : St Brigit of Ireland could do what amazing trick for visitors ? Answer : Bathwater into Beer
Question : St Boniface is the Saint of what ? Answer : Sodomy
Question : St Boniface is the Patron Saint of which country ? Answer : Germany
Question : St Appolonia Patron Saint of what ? Answer : Toothache
Question : St Appolonia is the patron saint of what ? Answer : Toothache
Question : Spumador was whose horse ? Answer : King Arthur
Question : Sportsman are most likely to get diseased anuses / rectum ? Answer : Water Skiers
Question : Sport variable ground size 120x150yd min 170x200 max ? Answer : Aussie rules football
Question : Sport is played on a variable ground 50x100yd min 100x130 max ? Answer : Association Football
Question : Sport control amateur level Federation International de Quilleurs ? Answer : Ten Pin Bowling
Question : Spielberg named the shark in Jaws Bruce why ? Answer : After his Lawyer
Question : Sperrylite is the ore what is extracted ? Answer : Platinum
Question : Spelling counts - what is the singular of scampi ? Answer : Scampo
Question : Speedy Gonzales was fastest mouse in Mexico who slowest ? Answer : Slowpoke Rodriquez
Question : Speed skating started in which country ? Answer : Netherlands
Question : Specifically to what does Episcopal refer ? Answer : Bishops
Question : Spanish restaurant if you ask for La Quenta what do you get ? Answer : The Bill
Question : Spanakopia is a Greek pie filled with what ? Answer : Sautéed Spinach
Question : Spain Portugal and Algeria are three top produces of what ? Answer : Cork
Question : Soyuz was a soviet spacecraft but what's it literally mean ? Answer : Union
Question : Soylent Green the band took name from film and book by who ? Answer : Harry Harrison
Question : Sourj is Armenian for what ? Answer : Coffee
Question : Sotheby's sold a 200 year old bit of Tibetan what $1500 in 1993 ? Answer : Cheese
Question : SOS the distress message stands for what ? Answer : Nothing - NOT save
Question : Somewhere My Love was the theme song of which movie ? Answer : Doctor Zhivago
Question : Something that is fistular is what shape ? Answer : Pipe shaped
Question : Something navicular is shaped like what ? Answer : A Boat
Question : Something Happened 74 Picture This 88 Closing Time 94 author ? Answer : Joseph Heller
Question : Somerset Maugham, A J Cronin, Richard Gorden - in common ? Answer : Not Writers - Doctors
Question : Someone with initials DD after their name has what qualification ? Answer : Doctor of Divinity
Question : Someone who dibbles is drinking like what ? Answer : A Duck
Question : Somali, Balinese and Abyssinian breeds of what ? Answer : Cat
Question : Solomon built his temple on a hill name it ? Answer : Zion
Question : Solanum Tuberosum is the Latin name for what plant ? Answer : Potato
Question : Sol Sacs created what classic US TV show of the 60s 70s ? Answer : Bewitched
Question : Socrates was trained into what profession ? Answer : Stonecutter
Question : Sobek was an Egyptian god - in what form is he seen ? Answer : Crocodile
Question : So far 11 US presidents have been what ? Answer : Generals
Question : Smiths Bon-Bons changed their name to what after 1840 ? Answer : Christmas Crackers
Question : Smith most common USA name what's second ? Answer : Johnson
Question : Smith most common English surname what's the Japanese ? Answer : Suzuki
Question : Smith Johnson Williams Brown Jones next US common surnames ? Answer : Miller
Question : Smell of lavender liquorice chocolate doughnuts increase what ? Answer : Blood flow to penis
Question : Small country has more 1000 dialects and two official languages ? Answer : Philippines
Question : Slugs have four of them - what ? Answer : Noses
Question : Slip, square and surgeon all types of what ? Answer : Knot
Question : Skopje is the capitol of where ? Answer : Macedonia
Question : Skimbleshanks was a T S Elliot cat what was his area ? Answer : The Railway Cat
Question : Skeleton is derived from Greek - what is its literal translation ? Answer : Dried Up
Question : Skadi is the Norse Goddess of what ? Answer : Winter and the Hunt
Question : Six verified copies of his signature survive - who is he ? Answer : William Shakespeare
Question : Six copies of what are stored under bell jars in Serves France ? Answer : The Kilogram in
Question : Sissy Jupe adopted by Thomas Gradgrind which Dickens novel ? Answer : Hard Times
Question : Sir Wilfred is the real name of which eponymous character ? Answer : Ivanhoe
Question : Sir Walter Raleigh found what odd lake in Trinidad ? Answer : Lake of Tar or
Question : Sir Jack Cohen founded what ? Answer : Tescos - supermarkets
Question : Sir Henry Cole got John Callcot Horsley design ? to save time ? Answer : Christmas card 1843
Question : Sir Francis Drake named it New Albion what is it today ? Answer : Oregon USA
Question : Sir Eyre Massey Shaw hold what Olympic record from 1900 ? Answer : Oldest gold yachting
Question : Sindonology is a debate concerning the origins of what ? Answer : Turin Shroud
Question : Since 1991 Crufts London dog show has been held where ? Answer : Birmingham NEC
Question : Simpson's what was Homers nickname as baseball team mascot ? Answer : Dancing Homer
Question : Silvester in Germany is what day in USA / England ? Answer : New Years Eve
Question : Silverwood Michigan its illegal to kill what using your hands ? Answer : A Bear to impress a
Question : Silver hallmarks - what object is stamped on Birmingham items ? Answer : Anchor
Question : Silent night the Christmas carol was first played on what ? Answer : Guitar
Question : Silent movie star Ben Turpin insured his what for $500000 ? Answer : His Squint
Question : Sigmund Freud used a dog to help his psychoanalysis what breed ? Answer : Jo-Fi a Chow
Question : Sigmund Freud had a phobia - what was he afraid of ? Answer : Ferns
Question : Sienna law forbids women of what name from prostitution ? Answer : Maria
Question : Siddhartha Gautama became better known as who ? Answer : Buddha
Question : Sicily is the traditional source of which element ? Answer : Sulphur
Question : Shu was an Egyptian God of what ? Answer : The Air
Question : Shovelhead, Knucklehead, Panhead types of what ? Answer : Harley Davidson
Question : Short actors stand on what wooden object - to appear bigger ? Answer : Pancake
Question : Shooting Rabbits Talking German Cutting Finger old terms what ? Answer : Farting - Victorian
Question : Shoot the moon is a term used in which card game ? Answer : Hearts - win all
Question : Shoot a Waco was the original name for what drink ? Answer : Dr Peppers
Question : Shirley Schrift became famous as which actress ? Answer : Shelly Winters
Question : Shirley Bassey sang three Bond themes - which 3 films ? Answer : Goldfinger,
Question : Ships known as The First Fleet transported what in 1788 ? Answer : Convicts to Australia
Question : Shingle was the codename for what WW II Allied landing ? Answer : Anzio
Question : Sherrinford was hero Ormond Sacker assistant names changed ? Answer : To Holmes and Watson
Question : Sherlock Holmes paid 55 shillings for what ? Answer : His Stradivarius violin
Question : Sherlock Holmes lived in Baker St - What other Detective did ? Answer : Sexton Blake 1893
Question : Shellac dissolved in alcohol makes what type of varnish ? Answer : French Polish
Question : She is the Chinese name of what year (animal) ? Answer : Serpent
Question : She died at 28 but her book on household management famous ? Answer : Mrs Beeton
Question : Shane Fenton became famous as who ? Answer : Alvin Stardust
Question : Shamanism is the religion of which people ? Answer : Inuit or Eskimos
Question : Shakespeare wrote Cruel only to be kind in what play ? Answer : Hamlet
Question : Shakespeare play set in Ephesus has two pairs identical twins ? Answer : Comedy of Errors
Question : Shakespeare character says "Blow winds and crack your cheeks" ? Answer : King Lear
Question : Shakespeare character in The Tempest is the son of Sycorax ? Answer : Caliban
Question : Shakespeare - Antony, Romeo, Othello - what in common ? Answer : Suicide
Question : Shagaganda sounds like molesting a goose - but where is it ? Answer : Peru
Question : Shaddock is another name for what ? Answer : Grapefruit
Question : SF are the international car registration letters for which country ? Answer : Finland
Question : Sextilis was the original name for what ? Answer : August
Question : Sex shop survey what's most popular flavour eatable knickers ? Answer : Cherry
Question : Seven million of these are thrown away each day - what ? Answer : Pennies
Question : Seth Wheeler patented it in 1871 - what ? Answer : Wrapping Paper
Question : Sergey Bubka broke world record over 30 times in which event ? Answer : Pole Vault
Question : Sergai Kalenikov holds the world record in what ? Answer : Pig Kissing
Question : September should be seventh month by name why is it ninth ? Answer : Its 7th year used to
Question : September 22 is National what appreciation day ? Answer : Elephants
Question : Semiotics is the study of what ? Answer : Signs or symbols
Question : Semiology is the study of what ? Answer : Signals
Question : Selma Lagerlof of Sweden in 1909 first woman to get what ? Answer : Nobel Prize for
Question : Segmental, Primitive, Doucine, Elliptical are types of what ? Answer : Arch (in construction)
Question : Seen on Egyptian rivers what is a Shadoof used for ? Answer : Water bucket on pole
Question : Seawood's Folly is better known as what today ? Answer : Alaska
Question : Seawise University burned 9 Jan 1972 used to be called what ? Answer : Queen Elizabeth
Question : Seattle Rome Edinburgh Sheffield what links them ? Answer : Built on seven hills
Question : Sean Connery has what real first name ? Answer : Thomas
Question : Scrutinise Swirl Sniff Sip - what are you doing ? Answer : Wine Tasting
Question : Scrambled Eggs was the working title of which Beatles song ? Answer : Yesterday
Question : Scottish Hebrides island is defined a big enough sustain what ? Answer : One Sheep
Question : Scottish clan were traitors and caused the Glencoe massacre ? Answer : Campbells
Question : Scott Joplin's music used for the film The Sting name the tune ? Answer : The Entertainer
Question : Scotopic people can do what ? Answer : See in the dark
Question : Scotophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Being seen by others
Question : Scooby Do is what breed of dog ? Answer : Great Dane
Question : Scientists took the word quark from which authors work ? Answer : James Joyce
Question : Schubert's fourth symphony is nicknamed the what ? Answer : Tragic
Question : Schubert always slept with what on ? Answer : Spectacles - in case he
Question : Schschpiel is what game in Germany ? Answer : Chess
Question : Schmuck in German literally means what ? Answer : Jewellery
Question : Scarlet O'Hara had what original first name ? Answer : Patsy
Question : Scapegoat meaning blame taker comes from what religion ? Answer : Jewish Yom Kippur
Question : Scandinavian aquavit is flavoured with what ? Answer : Cumin or Caraway
Question : Saudi Arabia law women get divorce if husband don’t give her it ? Answer : What? - Coffee
Question : Satori is a term in which religion ? Answer : Zen Buddhism
Question : Satan is Lucifer but what does Lucifer mean ? Answer : The Light Bearer
Question : Sardines are the young of which fish ? Answer : Pilchard
Question : Sarah Josepha Hall wrote what ? Answer : Mary had a little lamb
Question : Sarah Jane Fulks - Anne Francis Bobbins both married who ? Answer : Ronald Reagan J
Question : Saponification is the process that makes what common product ? Answer : Soap
Question : Santiago is the capitol of Chile what does it mean ? Answer : Saint Iago - or Saint
Question : Santa Cruz airport serves which city ? Answer : Bombay
Question : Santa Clause works in USA but who delivers gifts in Syria ? Answer : A Wise mans Camel
Question : Sanskrit is an old language - what does the word mean ? Answer : Put together -
Question : Sandra Wes of Texas died in 1977 was buried in what ? Answer : Her blue Ferrari
Question : Sandra Bullock, Kris Christophensen, Bruce Willis - Job Links ? Answer : Not Acting -
Question : Sand, Soda and what are the main ingredients of glass ? Answer : Limestone
Question : San Francisco by law you can't clean your car with what ? Answer : Used Underware
Question : San Francisco by law unleashed what can't walk down market street ? Answer : Elephants
Question : Samuel Pepys wife always slept with what in her hand ? Answer : His Dick
Question : Samuel Morse the inventor was originally what till he was 46 ? Answer : Portrait Painter
Question : Samuel Hahnermann developed what type of therapy ? Answer : Homeopathy
Question : Samuel de Champlain founded which city ? Answer : Quebec
Question : Sameer Bhatia from Bangalore began what service ? Answer : Hotmail
Question : Sam Weller was whose servant in a Dickens book ? Answer : Samuel Pickwick
Question : Sam Barraclough owned which film star ? Answer : Lassie
Question : Salvatore A Lombino used Ewan Hunter what famous pen name ? Answer : Ed McBain
Question : Salix Alba produces which drug ? Answer : Aspirin - from the
Question : Saint Stephens day is better known as what ? Answer : Boxing day
Question : Saint Lydwina is the Patron Saint of what sport ? Answer : Ice Skating
Question : Saint Louis police department first used it in 1904 - what ? Answer : Fingerprinting
Question : Saint Lidwina is the Patron Saint of who ? Answer : Skaters
Question : Saint Homobonus is the Patron Saint of who ? Answer : Business People
Question : Saint Bibiana is the Patron Saint of what ? Answer : Hangovers
Question : Saint Augustine first argued for what ? Answer : Missionary position
Question : Saint Andrew is the Patron Saint of Scotland and where else ? Answer : Russia
Question : Sailors round the horn - off which country are they doing it ? Answer : Chile
Question : Sacrofricosis is what sort of sexual behaviour ? Answer : Pocket holes public
Question : Sacred carvings is the literal translation of what word ? Answer : Hieroglyphics
Question : Sabotage is French - What did the saboteurs use ? Answer : shoes
Question : Sabastian Melmoth died in Paris 1900 better known as who ? Answer : Oscar Wilde
Question : Ruth Eisemann-Schier was the first woman to get on what ? Answer : FBI ten most wanted
Question : Russian word means dissolute - nickname Gregory Efimovitch ? Answer : Rasputin
Question : Russian blue and Turkish brown are types of what ? Answer : Cats
Question : Russia has one but the US has at least six - what ? Answer : Places called Moscow
Question : Rudy Stevens became famous under which name ? Answer : Barbara Stanwyck
Question : Rudolf the red nosed reindeer had a girlfriend - name her ? Answer : Clarissa
Question : Rudolf Rasendil is the hero of what novel and film ? Answer : The Prisoner of Zenda
Question : Royal Society Prevention Accidents 1991 7500 injured by what ? Answer : Shopping Trolleys
Question : Roy Thines played David Vincent in which TV series ? Answer : The Invaders
Question : Roy Scherer jr became famous as who ? Answer : Rock Hudson
Question : Roy Rogers girlfriend Dale Evans rode what named horse ? Answer : Buttermilk
Question : Routine is what shaped pasta ? Answer : Wheels
Question : Round, flat, filbert or sword types / shapes of what tool ? Answer : Paintbrush
Question : Rouget de Lisle did what to make him famous ? Answer : Composed
Question : Rosetta Jacobs became famous under what name ? Answer : Piper Laurie
Question : Rosencrantz and Guilderstern are dead - name playwright ? Answer : Tom Stoppard
Question : Rose O'Neil created the Kewpie doll where is it signed ? Answer : Sole of Foot
Question : Roschfort was a baddie in what book and (many) film versions ? Answer : The Three Musketeers
Question : Rosalind Julia Portia Viola Cymbeline what links not obvious ? Answer : Heroines dress as men
Question : Roosevelt won the 1932 election - who lost it ? Answer : Herbert Hoover
Question : Ronald Wycherley became more famous as who ? Answer : Billy Fury
Question : Ronald Ross campaigned for the destruction of what ? Answer : Mosquitoes - stop
Question : Ronald MacDonald is worldwide except Japan what's he there ? Answer : Donald MacDonald
Question : Romans used a sharp pointed stick to drive cattle Modern word ? Answer : Stimulus
Question : Roman soldiers were given slaves - what were they called ? Answer : Addicts addicted
Question : Roman orator Marcus Tillius nicknamed what for wart on nose ? Answer : Cicero
Question : Roman men had to swear on what to testify ? Answer : Holding their testicles
Question : Roller coasters originated in what country ? Answer : Russia - ice on sleds
Question : Rolf Harris was Australian junior champion at what ? Answer : Swimming -
Question : ROK international car registrations which country ? Answer : Korea
Question : Roger Bresnahan introduced what to baseball in 1907 ? Answer : Shin Guards
Question : Roger Bannister ran the first sub 4 minute mile who ran 2nd ? Answer : John Landie of New
Question : Rodrigo Diaz de Vivar famous under what nickname ? Answer : El Cid
Question : Rodin's The Thinker is really a portrait of what Italian poet ? Answer : Dante
Question : Rod Taylor starred in a 1960 version of which HG Wells story ? Answer : The Time Machine
Question : Rocky and Bullwinkle enemies are Boris Badenov and who ? Answer : Natasha Fatale
Question : Rocketbuster make the worlds largest authentic what ? Answer : Cowboy boots
Question : Rocket USA is going to produce a wind up doll what figure 2002 ? Answer : Homer Simpson
Question : Robin, Rugby and Simple appear in which Shakespeare play ? Answer : The Merry Wives of
Question : Robin Williams dressed in drag for which 1993 film ? Answer : Mrs Doubtfire
Question : Robin Goodfellow alternative name which Shakespeare character ? Answer : Puck
Question : Robert Whithead invented what weapon in 1866 ? Answer : Torpedo
Question : Robert Redford, Steve McQueen Paul Newman reject $4m role ? Answer : Superman - C Reeve
Question : Robert Record in the mid 16th century invented what sign ? Answer : Equals =
Question : Robert Langford Modini became more famous as who ? Answer : Robert Stack
Question : Robert Fitzroy captained which famous ship ? Answer : The Beagle
Question : Robert Brown M Caroline Bliss Moneypenny who was Bond ? Answer : Timothy Dalton
Question : Robert Alan Zimmerman real name of who ? Answer : Bob Dylan
Question : RL international car registration plate which country ? Answer : Lebanon
Question : Rita Kuti Kis represented Hungary in what sport ? Answer : Tennis
Question : Rio's Maracarria stadium has what unusual feature ? Answer : A Moat
Question : Ringo Star narrates which children's TV series ? Answer : Thomas the tank engine
Question : Rim Butte sounds like something sexual - in which US state ? Answer : Alaska
Question : Richard Roundtree played what detective in three 70s films ? Answer : John Shaft
Question : Richard Penniman became famous as who ? Answer : Little Richard
Question : Richard Hannay hero of the 39 steps is which nationality ? Answer : Canadian
Question : Richard Carlisle invented an early vending machine selling what ? Answer : Books
Question : Richard Bachman is a pseudonym of which author ? Answer : Steven King
Question : Richard Attenbourough what character in The Great Escape ? Answer : Bartlett
Question : Richard Attenbourough and wife were the first leads in what play ? Answer : The Mousetrap
Question : Richard Arkwright invented the Spinning Jenny what job had he ? Answer : Barber
Question : Richard Adams wrote the novel Shardik what was Shardik ? Answer : A Bear
Question : Rich Duncan Robert Whittle Thomas Suchanek champs sport ? Answer : Hang Gliding
Question : Rice-Kellogg invented what in 1924 ? Answer : Loudspeakers
Question : Rhus Radicans shrub green flowers white berries common name ? Answer : Poison Ivy
Question : Rhodopsis original Egyptian Cinderella had what job ? Answer : Prostitute - bird stole
Question : Rhett Butler of Gone With the Wind was born where ? Answer : Charleston
Question : Rheoboam is a bottle size but also the last king of where ? Answer : Israel
Question : Rhapsody, Aromel, Tamella Cambridge favourite types of what ? Answer : Strawberry Varieties
Question : Rhabdophobia fear of what ? Answer : Being Beaten
Question : Reykjavik translates into what ? Answer : Smoky Bay
Question : Rex Stout created what corpulent orchid loving private eye ? Answer : Nero Wolfe
Question : Review This show suspends all belief it will never work what ? ? Answer : Original Star Trek
Question : Reverend Marcus Morris founded which UK comic in the 50s ? Answer : Eagle
Question : Reuben Tice died trying to invent a machine to do what ? Answer : Dewrinkle prunes
Question : Reuben James was the first what 31 Oct 1941 ? Answer : US warship sunk by
Question : Retsina is a wine from which country ? Answer : Greece
Question : Rene Raymond is better known as which author ? Answer : Raymond Chandler
Question : Rene Lalique - Art Nouveau designer worked what material ? Answer : Glass
Question : Rene Laennac invented which aid for doctors in 1810 ? Answer : Stethoscope
Question : Released in 1908 what was the first ever horror film ? Answer : Dr Jeckyll and Mr
Question : Regnat Populus - The people rule - motto of what US state ? Answer : Arkansas
Question : Reginald Truscott-Jones became famous as who ? Answer : Ray Miland
Question : Reginald Carey became famous as who ? Answer : Rex Harrison
Question : Red white blue yellow green what's missing from Rubik's cube ? Answer : Orange
Question : Red headed men are more likely than others to do what ? Answer : Go Bald
Question : Red flags flown by French ships - Joli Rouge origin of what name ? Answer : Jolly Rodger
Question : Red Connors played by Edgar Buchanan which cowboys partner ? Answer : Hopalong Cassidy
Question : Records show four Popes died doing what ? Answer : Having Sex
Question : Real names Susan Alexandria Stage name from Great Gatsby ? Answer : Sigourney Weaver
Question : RCA released the first LP in 1959 without artists name - who ? Answer : Elvis Presley
Question : RCA and what other company launched the first vinyl records ? Answer : Columbia
Question : RC Cola were the first company to do what ? Answer : Sell cola in cans
Question : Ray Bolger played who in The Wizard of Oz ? Answer : Scarecrow
Question : Rawdon Crawley was a character in what classic novel ? Answer : Vanity Fair
Question : Ratatosk was what animal in Norse mythology - relayed insults ? Answer : Squirrel
Question : Raquel Welch was once a what ? Answer : Weathergirl
Question : Rapa Nui is better known as what ? Answer : Easter Island
Question : Randy Newman said short people don’t have what ? Answer : Reason to Live
Question : Randolph Crane became famous as which cowboy actor ? Answer : Randolph Scott
Question : Rams Horn Wandering Bladder Prickly Herald types of what ? Answer : Freshwater Snails
Question : Ralph Wonderone became better known under what name ? Answer : Minnesota Fats
Question : Ragdoll Korat Sphinx Tiffany - types of what ? Answer : Cat Breeds
Question : Rafflesia flowers smell like what to attract pollinators ? Answer : Rotting Meat
Question : Racing driver James Hunts nickname was Hunt the what ? Answer : Shunt
Question : Rabbit 32 - Cat 62 - Ferret 42 - Squirrel 44 - Hedgehog 40 what ? Answer : Gestation days
Question : R D Blackmore wrote which classic novel ? Answer : Lorna Doone
Question : Quiz, bandlore, coblentz, disk all different names for what item ? Answer : Yoyo - from Tagalog
Question : Quinsy is the inflammation of which body organ due to abscess ? Answer : Tonsils
Question : Quilp (A Dwarf) is a character in which Dickens novel ? Answer : The Old Curiosity
Question : Quidnunc means an eager gossip but in Latin literally means ? Answer : What Now
Question : Questions Quiz 99 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 99 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 98 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 98 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 97 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 97 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 96 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 96 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 95 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 95 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 94 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 94 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 93 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 93 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 92 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 92 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 91 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 91 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 90 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 90 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 9 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 9 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 89 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 89 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 88 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 88 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 87 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 87 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 86 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 86 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 85 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 85 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 84 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 84 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 83 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 83 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 82 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 82 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 81 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 81 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 80 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 80 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 8 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 8 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 79 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 79 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 78 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 78 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 77 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 77 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 76 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 76 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 75 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 75 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 74 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 74 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 73 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 73 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 72 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 72 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 71 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 71 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 70 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 70 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 7 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 7 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 69 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 69 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 68 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 68 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 67 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 67 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 66 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 66 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 65 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 65 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 64 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 64 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 63 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 63 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 62 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 62 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 61 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 61 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 60 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 60 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 6 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 6 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 59 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 59 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 58 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 58 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 57 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 57 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 56 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 56 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 55 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 55 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 54 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 54 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 53 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 53 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 52 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 52 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 51 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 51 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 50 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 50 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 5 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 5 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 49 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 49 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 48 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 48 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 47 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 47 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 46 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 46 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 45 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 45 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 44 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 44 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 43 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 43 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 42 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 42 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 41 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 41 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 40 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 40 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 4 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 4 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 39 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 39 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 38 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 38 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 37 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 37 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 36 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 36 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 35 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 35 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 34 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 34 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 33 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 33 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 32 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 32 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 31 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 31 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 30 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 30 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 3 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 3 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 29 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 29 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 28 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 28 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 27 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 27 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 26 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 26 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 25 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 25 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 24 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 24 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 23 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 23 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 22 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 22 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 21 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 21 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 20 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 20 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 2 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 2 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 19 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 19 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 18 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 18 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 17 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 17 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 16 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 16 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 15 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 15 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 14 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 14 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 13 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 13 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 12 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 12 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 11 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 11 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 100 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 100 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 10 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 10 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Questions Quiz 1 ? Answer : Answers
Question : Quercus is the Latin name of what Tree ? Answer : Oak
Question : Queequeg, Daggoo, Tashteego had what job on the Peaquod ? Answer : Harpooners
Question : Queen Victoria said it the saddest place in all Christendom where ? Answer : Mearsyside
Question : Queen Victoria in 1837 was the first English monarch to do what ? Answer : Live in Buckingham
Question : Queen Mary II died at age 32 what killed her ? Answer : Smallpox
Question : Queen Alexandria's is the worlds largest what ? Answer : Butterfly 1 foot wing
Question : Quarter oz whiskey half ounce sloe gin makes a black what ? Answer : Hawk
Question : Quakers Natural, Prewetts Honey, California Revival - types what ? Answer : Museli
Question : Python film Your mother was a hamster father smelt of what ? Answer : Elderberries
Question : PY are the international car registration letters of which country ? Answer : Paraguay
Question : Put the worlds most common forename and surname together ? Answer : Mohammed Chen
Question : Purple green and gold are the official colours which annual event ? Answer : Mardi Gras
Question : Purl Plain Fisherman's Cable types of what ? Answer : Knitting stitches
Question : Pupik means belly button in what language ? Answer : Yiddish
Question : Punk Drummer Chris Miller what name when he Damned in 70s ? Answer : Rat Scabies
Question : Pulque is a beer based on what ? Answer : Cactus
Question : Puccini's Turendot is set in which country ? Answer : China
Question : Public Speaking is the most common fear what's the second ? Answer : Heights
Question : Psyscrophillia is sexual arousal by what ? Answer : Cold
Question : Psychologists says men who do what during sex are insecure ? Answer : Keep socks on
Question : Psychologists say men who prefer small breasts what ? Answer : mentally Depressed
Question : Psychologist say when a woman wears red she wants what ? Answer : Another Woman
Question : Proverbially it was a bold man who first ate what ? Answer : An Oyster
Question : Proverbially a man is as old as he feels a woman as old as she? ? Answer : Looks
Question : Prova from provolone means what ? Answer : Ball shaped
Question : Prospective Italian grave diggers have to take what test ? Answer : Exhume - dig up a
Question : Prosopography is the study of what ? Answer : Careers
Question : Proportionately which creature has the largest brain ? Answer : The Ant
Question : Prophesied the Chalus the Greek - Die on day - did of what ? Answer : Laughing cos he was
Question : Prokofievs opera War and Peace has what first to its credit 1973 ? Answer : First one done Sydney
Question : Progress through Pain was whose motto ? Answer : Arnold Swartzenager
Question : Programming language named after 17th cent French mathematician ? Answer : Pascal - Blaise Pascal
Question : Professor Kelp transformed into who ? Answer : Buddy Love - Jerry
Question : Product name from the words Durability Reliability Excellence ? Answer : Durex condoms
Question : Processed Galena produces which metal ? Answer : Lead
Question : Pride, Avarice, Envy, Gluttony, Sloth, Lust what's missing ? Answer : Wrath
Question : Price one kilo went from $63 to $260 in 1976 when sale illegal ? Answer : Ivory
Question : President Woodrow Wilson May 6th 1919 first to do what ? Answer : Take out Air accident
Question : President Roosevelt was the first president to do what ? Answer : Fly 1943 secret trip
Question : President Kennedy was shot in Dallas in what type of car ? Answer : Lincoln
Question : President Hayes 1878 started which annual White house event ? Answer : Easter Egg Roll
Question : President Andrew Jackson's funeral 1845 who removed swearing ? Answer : His Pet Parrot
Question : Prescribed as cure Beri Beri it cured scrotal dermatitis - what ? Answer : Marmite
Question : Preparing to invade Japan in WW2 the US ordered 400000 what ? Answer : Purple Hearts
Question : Potatoes were fist sold as what ? Answer : Ornamental Plants
Question : Post boxes in the UK are red what colour are they in France ? Answer : Yellow
Question : Portuguese West Africa is now known as what ? Answer : Angola
Question : Portugal has had six Kings with what first name ? Answer : John
Question : Portrait of a Man is the real title of which artistic work ? Answer : The Laughing
Question : Portland Rosebuds were the first US team to do what ? Answer : Compete Stanley cup
Question : Port (left) was called what before Admiralty named it port in 1844 ? Answer : Larboard
Question : Porn star Candida Royale was named after what ? Answer : A vaginal yeast
Question : Pope John Paul II played for the Polish national team what sport ? Answer : Rugby
Question : Pope Clement VII made it illegal for anyone else to eat what ? Answer : Mushrooms
Question : Poona was the original name of what sport/game ? Answer : Badminton
Question : Poon Lim holds the record of 133 days doing what ? Answer : Surviving on a raft
Question : Pooler Jones, Lazy Plate, Jayne Hill and Buckthorn types of what ? Answer : Barbed Wire
Question : Pooh loves honey but which creature loves watercress ? Answer : Roo
Question : Pompeii was buried by Vesuvious in AD 79 - what other city ? Answer : Herculaneum
Question : Pomona was the Roman Goddess of what ? Answer : Fruit Trees
Question : Polyphemus was the leader of which group of mythical giants ? Answer : Cyclops
Question : Polyhexamethyleneadipamide is better known as what ? Answer : Nylon
Question : Polite society man does it 2 legs woman sitting dog 3 legs what ? Answer : Shake hands
Question : Polish sprinter Ewa Klobukowska first do what at Kiev in 1967 ? Answer : Fail sex test was
Question : Police in Winchester - got call - Man being held by wife - how ? Answer : Hidden artificial leg
Question : Police Academy got its theme song from which other film ? Answer : Patton
Question : Poland has a coastline along which sea ? Answer : Adriatic
Question : Pok ta Pok started in Mexico - what modern game/sport is it ? Answer : Basketball
Question : Poison oak and ivy belong to which general family ? Answer : Cashew
Question : Poenosis is what medical condition ? Answer : Chilblains
Question : Pocahontas was baptised and given what English name ? Answer : Rebecca
Question : Pluto Greek god of the underworld - what was Plutus god of ? Answer : Wealth
Question : Pluto (the Planet) was almost called what name ? Answer : Zeus
Question : Pliny the philosopher believed dead souls went into what ? Answer : Beans
Question : Playing card - Raymond Shaw trance - Manchurian Candidate ? Answer : Queen Diamonds
Question : Plantalgia is pain where ? Answer : Soles of feet
Question : Pitcairn Airlines were the first to provide what in 1922 ? Answer : Air Sick Bags
Question : Pit Straight - Lesmo Bend - Roggia Bend - which Grand Prix ? Answer : Monza Italy
Question : Pintado, Pochard, Scaup, Scoter and Smee types of what ? Answer : Ducks
Question : Ping Pong and Pang are characters in which opera ? Answer : Turendot - by Puccini
Question : Pine, Beach, Stone, Sable or American types of what creature ? Answer : Martins
Question : Pine Eyes is the literal translation of which characters name ? Answer : Pinocchio
Question : Pilgrims visit Mecca where is Mecca ? Answer : Saudi Arabia
Question : Pigs Eye was the original name of what Minnesota city ? Answer : St Paul
Question : Pigs can become what - like humans ? Answer : Alcoholics
Question : Pif Paf Pof is the Dutch equivalent of which English phrase ? Answer : Snap Crackle Pop
Question : Pierre Augustine Caron de Baumarchais play what Opera based on it ? Answer : Barber of Seville
Question : Pierce Brosnens contract stops him doing what in any other film ? Answer : Wearing a Tuxedo
Question : Pidgin English started because of trade between UK and where ? Answer : China
Question : Pidge appeared in which Disney film ? Answer : Lady and Tramp pet
Question : Picardy is in the north east of which country ? Answer : France
Question : Phyllophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Leaves
Question : Photographic inventor suicided 1932 said my work is done why wait ? Answer : George Eastman
Question : Phonetically spelled out what does Esso mean in Japan ? Answer : Stalled Car
Question : Phoebe Anne Mozee better known as who ? Answer : Annie Oakley
Question : Phobos and Deimos are moons of Mars - what do names mean ? Answer : Fear and Terror
Question : Philosopher Jeremy Bentham has a very unusual pet - what ? Answer : Tea Pot
Question : Philippe Pages is the real name of what pianist ? Answer : Richard Clayderman
Question : Philippe Pages became famous as who ? Answer : Richard Clayderman
Question : Philip Glass wrote an opera about which famous person ? Answer : Albert Einstein
Question : Philematology is the science of what ? Answer : Kissing
Question : Philadelphia cream cheese was introduced in what city ? Answer : New York
Question : Phil Collins played what character on the London stage 1960s ? Answer : Artful Dodger
Question : Phalacrophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Going Bald
Question : PG Woodhouse books Bertie Wooster used what London Club ? Answer : Drones
Question : Petroselinum crispum is the Latin name of which herb ? Answer : Parsley
Question : Petilent wine is what ? Answer : Slightly sparkling
Question : Peter Sellers played Clouseau but who dropped the role ? Answer : Peter Ustinov
Question : Peter Parker is the alter ego of which superhero ? Answer : Spiderman
Question : Peter Goldmak invented what in 1948 ? Answer : LP record
Question : Peter George wrote Two Hours to Doom filmed as what ? Answer : Dr Strangelove
Question : Peter Falk plays Lt Colombo but who was first offered role ? Answer : Bing Crosby
Question : Pertussis has what more common name ? Answer : Whooping Cough
Question : Persian Sultan Selim hanged 2 doctors - advised him stop what ? Answer : Drinking Coffee
Question : Persia became Iran in 1935 what was it before it was Persia ? Answer : Iran
Question : Perry Como the singer once worked as what ? Answer : A Barber
Question : Pernell Roberts played which character in a TV western series ? Answer : Adam Cartwright
Question : Percy Shaw invented what in 1934 ? Answer : Cats eyes
Question : Percy LeBaron Spencer invented what in 1945 in USA ? Answer : Microwave Oven
Question : People with hypertrichosis have lots of what ? Answer : Hair
Question : People answered the first telephones by saying what ? Answer : Ahoy there
Question : Pentlandite is the main ore providing which metal ? Answer : Nickel
Question : Pentagon doublespeak what is combat emplacement evacuator ? Answer : A shovel
Question : Pennsylvania was the first colony to legalise what ? Answer : Witchcraft
Question : Penis comes from the Latin meaning what ? Answer : Tail
Question : Peniaphobia fear of what ? Answer : Being Penniless
Question : Peladophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Bald People
Question : Peggy is a diminutive for which girls name ? Answer : Margaret
Question : Peach pear and plum all members of which family of plants ? Answer : Roses
Question : PD James wrote thrillers what does PD stand for ? Answer : Phyllis Dorothy
Question : Pax was the Roman god of peace who's the Greek equivalent ? Answer : Irene
Question : Pavarti or Uma is the wife of who in Hindu religion ? Answer : Shiva
Question : Paul Robeson the singer of old man river had what profession ? Answer : Lawyer
Question : Paul Revere was a silversmith, copper engraver and what ? Answer : Dentist
Question : Paul Morel was a character in which classic novel ? Answer : Sons and Lovers
Question : Paul French George E Dale pseudonyms for what SF author ? Answer : Isaac Asimov
Question : Patusnaya and mallasol types of what ? Answer : Caviar
Question : Patty Hearst was kidnapped (later joined) which organisation ? Answer : Symbionese
Question : Patsy Mclenny became famous as who ? Answer : Morgan Fairchild
Question : Patricia McCormick became USA first what January 20th 1957 ? Answer : Bullfighter Ciudad
Question : Patricia Holm is the girlfriend of what famous fictional character ? Answer : Simon Templar The
Question : Pat Sullivan created which cartoon character ? Answer : Felix the Cat
Question : Pat Sullivan created which cartoon character ? Answer : Felix the cat
Question : Pat Reid wrote which book - filmed and TV often ? Answer : The Colditz Story
Question : Part of the human body can expand 20 times its normal size ? Answer : Stomach 0.5 litres to
Question : Parsley is a member of which family ? Answer : Carrot
Question : Parr, Smolt and Grilse different names same thing what ? Answer : Salmon - life stages
Question : Parorexia is the desire for what ? Answer : Strange Foods
Question : Paronite and caronite are the ores what is extracted ? Answer : Titanium
Question : Paris born Philippe Pages changed his name to what ? Answer : Richard Clayderman
Question : Paris and What other capital had the worlds first telephone link ? Answer : Brussels
Question : Parcheesi is the national game of which country ? Answer : India
Question : Parathesia is a medical condition with what common term ? Answer : Pins and Needles
Question : Parascopisim is what sexual behaviour ? Answer : Voyeurism through
Question : Paramount Pictures logo has 22 what ? Answer : Stars
Question : Parachutes were invented for what use ? Answer : Fire escapes - people
Question : Paper Porter Dresser Mud Dauber types of what ? Answer : Wasp
Question : Panchaguni is the Indian God of what art ? Answer : Palmistry
Question : Paludism is an old name for which disease ? Answer : Malaria
Question : Palmolive promised to help women keep what ? Answer : Schoolgirl
Question : Palm, Olive, Cyprus and Cedar what is the biblical link ? Answer : Woods cross made
Question : Palindromic word means raise to the ground or a mine passage ? Answer : Level
Question : Pali is the sacred language of who ? Answer : Buddhists in India
Question : Palas is the correct name for what playing card ? Answer : Queen of spades
Question : Pal Hewson became more famous as who ? Answer : Bono - singer in U2
Question : Pak man was called Paka in Japan what does paka mean ? Answer : Eating
Question : Paddie's Wigwam nickname of the RC cathedral what UK city ? Answer : Liverpool
Question : Packy Ease an amateur boxer - what name become famous ? Answer : Bob Hope
Question : P L Travers created which famous character ? Answer : Mary Poppins
Question : Oysters can do what - according to water temperature ? Answer : Change sex
Question : Over 90% of the worlds total population of what gone since 1970 ? Answer : Rhinoceros
Question : Over 28 million Americans are what ? Answer : Hearing Impaired
Question : Outside the work is the literal meaning of which snack food ? Answer : Hors Derves
Question : Outfit/costume first seen 1914 film Kid Auto Races at Venice ? Answer : Chaplin's Tramp outfit
Question : Ouagodougou is the capitol of what country ? Answer : Bakina Faso
Question : Other than fruit what is the only natural food made without killing ? Answer : Honey
Question : Otalgia is what condition ? Answer : Earache
Question : Oswestry founded in 1407 is Britain's oldest what ? Answer : Public School Eton
Question : O'Shey Jackson became better known as who ? Answer : Ice Cube
Question : Oscar winner was rejected as Honey Rider Dr No too small tits ? Answer : Julie Christie - by
Question : Oryza sativa is what staple food item ? Answer : Rice
Question : Orthography is the study of what ? Answer : Mountains
Question : Orthoepy is the study of what ? Answer : Word pronunciation
Question : Orpheus went into the underworld to rescue who ? Answer : Eurydice
Question : Originally a Toss Pot did a lot of what ? Answer : Drinking - Alcohol
Question : Orienteering began in which country ? Answer : Sweden
Question : Orient Express restarted in 1982 going from London to where ? Answer : Venice
Question : Organisation in the US was co-founded by Ballington Booth ? Answer : Volunteers of
Question : Ordinary seaman Able Seaman what comes next ? Answer : Leading Seaman
Question : ORD are the identification letters of what airport ? Answer : O'Hare Chicago
Question : Orbis non Sufficit - World is not enough - whose family motto ? Answer : James Bond
Question : Orange juice and what make an ambassador ? Answer : Tequila
Question : Optiphone, Lustreer and Mirascope early names for which item ? Answer : Television
Question : Ops was the wife of which Roman God ? Answer : Saturn
Question : Oporto in Portugal stands on what river ? Answer : The Duoro
Question : Ophidiophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Snakes
Question : Operation Urgent Fury was the US invasion of where ? Answer : Granada
Question : Operation Thunderbolt was the nickname given to which raid ? Answer : Israeli raid on Entebbe
Question : Operation Olympic was a WW2 invasion plan not used where ? Answer : Japan surrendered
Question : Operation Market Garden WW2 involved the invasion of where ? Answer : Arnham
Question : Operation Dracula in WWII freed what city ? Answer : Rangoon Burma
Question : Operation Chastise during WW2 better known as what ? Answer : Dambusters Raid
Question : Opaque 2 is a modern variety of which cereal crop ? Answer : Maize
Question : Ontology is the study of what ? Answer : Being
Question : Only two north American Indian tribes with 3 letters Wea and ? Answer : what Fox
Question : Only two elements liquid room temperature - mercury and what ? Answer : Bromine
Question : Only three Angels are named in Bible Gabriel Michael and who ? Answer : Lucifer
Question : Only one world team horseracing event at Ascot what trophy ? Answer : Shergar Cup
Question : Only one woman's lifespan is given in the Bible - Who ? Answer : Sarah Wife Abraham
Question : Only one miracle is mentioned in all four gospels what is it ? Answer : Feeding of 5000
Question : Only humans and what primate can have blue eyes ? Answer : Black Lemurs
Question : Only humans and what have hymens ? Answer : Horses
Question : Only Hawaii, Utah and Tennessee dont have some form of what ? Answer : Legal gambling
Question : Only female humans and what have hymens ? Answer : Horses
Question : Only dead people can be on US postage stamps except who ? Answer : Astronauts
Question : Only approx one third worlds population uses what regularly ? Answer : Fork
Question : Only 6 people died in what historic event ? Answer : Fire of London 1666
Question : Only 55% of men do what ? Answer : Wash hands after
Question : Only 30% of women do what ? Answer : Swallow
Question : Only 15% of French wines have what on the label ? Answer : Appellation Controlee
Question : One third of Taiwanese funeral processions include what ? Answer : A stripper
Question : One quarter of people who lose sense of small also lose what ? Answer : Desire for sex
Question : One person in Texas is killed annually doing what ? Answer : Painting road lines
Question : One person every 6 seconds dies from what ? Answer : Contaminated water
Question : One of the band steps is nicknamed H what's it stand for ? Answer : Hyperactive
Question : One in four Americans has done what ? Answer : Appeared on TV
Question : One eighth of the US population have done what ? Answer : Worked in
Question : One death per day is caused by what ? Answer : Wrong prescription /
Question : One anger Two mirth Three wedding Four birth what are they ? Answer : Crows
Question : Ondinism is arousal from what ? Answer : Urine
Question : On which national flag is there an eagle and a snake ? Answer : Mexico
Question : On which circuit is the Portuguese grand prix held ? Answer : Estoril
Question : On which badge are Minerva, Clipper ship, Grizzly bear, Eureka ? Answer : California Highway
Question : On which annual day do most heart attacks occur ? Answer : New years day
Question : On what is the Mona Lisa painted ? Answer : Wood
Question : On what hobby is most money spent ? Answer : Gardening
Question : On what date Greek Russian orthodox churches celebrate Xmas ? Answer : January 6th
Question : On what common object would you find a sleeve and a tray ? Answer : A Matchbox
Question : On what common object could you find a gate and a claw ? Answer : Camera
Question : On what common item would you find a worm ? Answer : Corkscrew it’s the
Question : On what common item would you find a keeper ? Answer : Belt its loop that holds
Question : On what common item would you find a harp ? Answer : Lamp metal part
Question : On what are the worlds smallest paintings painted ? Answer : Pin Heads
Question : On TV who worked at Otto's Auto Orphanage ? Answer : The Fonz
Question : On TV what team worked out of Iolani Palace ? Answer : Hawaii 5 0
Question : On the TV show Frazier what was the dads dogs name ? Answer : Eddie
Question : On the Thames they go swan upping annually what is it ? Answer : Counting swan
Question : On the same subject who eventually married Lord Peter Wimsey ? Answer : Harriot Vane
Question : On the PH scale what does PH stand for ? Answer : Potential Hydrogen
Question : On the Omen series Damien was the devil - what second name ? Answer : Thorne
Question : On the Munsters what was Lillie's maiden name ? Answer : Lilly Dracula
Question : On the Beaufort scale what is defined as force 11 ? Answer : A Storm
Question : On the Beaufort scale 8 represents what ? Answer : A Gale
Question : On television what was Flipper ? Answer : Dolphin
Question : On Scooby Doo what was Shaggys real name ? Answer : Norville
Question : On Quaker Oats what word is written on the scroll on the box ? Answer : Pure
Question : On oometer measures what ? Answer : Birds Eggs
Question : On ER what is the character name of Mark Greens daughter ? Answer : Rachel
Question : On Earth what would you find in an orbit ? Answer : Eyeball - orbits eye
Question : On Donavan's Mellow Yellow who did the whispering vocal ? Answer : (Quite right slick)
Question : On common ailments Charles Osborne had what for 69 years ? Answer : Hiccups
Question : On average what weight nine pounds ? Answer : Cremated Ashes
Question : On average what one action makes a man live 13 years longer ? Answer : Castration
Question : On average what contains 5 - 7 calories ? Answer : Single ejaculation
Question : On average the French eat 20 million what a year ? Answer : Frogs
Question : On Average North American women do what 83 times a year ? Answer : Have Sex
Question : On average man uses 2000 - woman 7000 what a day ? Answer : Words
Question : On average it takes 1.5 hours to do what ? Answer : Fully cremate a corpse
Question : On average it rains 4 days a week in what European capital ? Answer : Amsterdam or
Question : On Average a West German goes 7 days without doing what ? Answer : Washing his
Question : On average 100 people a year choke to death on what ? Answer : Ballpoint Pens
Question : On any given day half of Americans are on what ? Answer : A special Diet
Question : On an ordinance survey map which symbol shows a battlefield ? Answer : Crossed swords
Question : On an ordinance survey map what does a H in circle represent ? Answer : Hospital
Question : On an average day in USA 40 people are hurt doing what ? Answer : Trampolining
Question : On a UK ordinance survey map what is shown by a red flag ? Answer : Motor Racing Circuit
Question : On a UK ordinance survey map what is shown by a blue star ? Answer : Major shopping centre
Question : On a standard rainbow what colour is on the inside of the curve ? Answer : Violet
Question : On a racing form what does the letter u indicate ? Answer : Unseated rider
Question : On a prescription what does QOD stand for ? Answer : Take every other day
Question : On a prescription what does PO mean ? Answer : By mouth
Question : On a prescription the Latin expression Ter in Die means what ? Answer : Three times daily
Question : On a poll 50% men said sex in bed favourite 20% fem what fem ? Answer : Reading 23%
Question : On a piano the left pedal is the soft what's the right called ? Answer : Sustaining
Question : On a pencil what do the initials HB stand for ? Answer : Hard Black
Question : On a carving in Coventry Cathedral what did Lady Godiva ride ? Answer : A Goat
Question : On "Sesame Street," what is the name of Big Bird's teddy bear ? Answer : Radar
Question : Omphalitis is an infection of what part of the body ? Answer : Navel
Question : Omolagnia is sexual arousal from what ? Answer : Nudity
Question : Olof Sonderblom conceived and patented what technology ? Answer : Token Ring
Question : Oliver was fed gruel - its made from water and what ? Answer : Oatmeal
Question : Old times mid eastern women swallowed what as contraceptive ? Answer : Foam from camels
Question : Old Testament two non humans can speak the serpent and who ? Answer : Balsam's Ass
Question : Old superstitions - it is bad luck to do what in the morning ? Answer : Sing
Question : Old superstition Wearing socks inside out protection from what ? Answer : Witches
Question : Old superstition - a sneezing cat means what ? Answer : It will rain
Question : Old Lyme Connecticut has a museum dedicated to what ? Answer : Nuts
Question : Old Joe was the name of what on where ? Answer : Camel on Camel
Question : Old Irish law what boys name give to fine murderer paid compo ? Answer : Eric
Question : Old Honiton Genoese and Mechlin all types of what ? Answer : Lace
Question : Old Eng law - you can't beat wife with anything wider than what ? Answer : Your thumb - Thus
Question : Old Dominion was a nickname of which US state ? Answer : Virginia
Question : Old Arabic word for palm of the hand is what in modern sport ? Answer : Racket
Question : Old apothecaries weights 20 grains in a what ? Answer : Scruple
Question : Okamoto in Japan is the worlds largest maker of what ? Answer : Condoms
Question : Oil seed rape belongs to which plant family ? Answer : Mustard
Question : Oil is the most traded product in the world what is the second ? Answer : Coffee
Question : Oil can Henry is the enemy of which cartoon character ? Answer : Mighty Mouse
Question : Oikophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Houses
Question : O'Henry created which western character in a short story ? Answer : The Cisco Kid
Question : Often a bridesmaid never a bride advertised what ? Answer : Listerine
Question : Of what material was the hairspring made in early watches ? Answer : Pigs Hair
Question : Of what did the poet John Milton die ? Answer : Gout
Question : Of what are Raucous, Spadefoot or Bounties Dwarf types ? Answer : Toads
Question : Of what are Karakul, Texel, Romney Marsh types ? Answer : Sheep
Question : Of what are Bristol, Rockingham, Chelsea, and Minton types ? Answer : Pottery Porcelain
Question : Oedipus was named after what - literal translation ? Answer : Swollen feet
Question : Oedipus married his mother - who was she ? Answer : Jocasta
Question : Odysseus captured by Cyclops Polyphemus what false name ? Answer : Nobody
Question : Odin owned Geri and Freki what were they ? Answer : Wolves
Question : Odele and Odette appear in what Tchaikovsky ballet ? Answer : Swan Lake
Question : OD international aircraft registration letters of what country ? Answer : Lebanon
Question : October 1939 what UK battleship sunk torpedo loss 800 lives ? Answer : Royal Oak
Question : Ocean is NOT recognised International Hydrographic Bureau ? Answer : Antarctic Ocean
Question : OB is the international aircraft registration letters what country ? Answer : Peru
Question : Nyse in Swedish Tusszents in Hungarian Kychat in Czeck what ? Answer : Sneeze
Question : Nylon was invented in 1934 what product first used it ? Answer : Toothbrush
Question : Nut - Neuth - Nuit alterative names Egyptian goddess of what ? Answer : Sky
Question : Novices are called tumblers experienced shiners what job ? Answer : Window Cleaners
Question : November 28th 1948 what was the first TV western in the USA ? Answer : Hopalong Cassidy
Question : November 18th is who's birthday ? Answer : Mickey Mouse
Question : Novel gave Hemmingway nick speaker of the lost generation ? Answer : The Sun Also Rises
Question : Not obvious colours - what links orange silver purple ? Answer : Can't rhyme in
Question : Not Indians what links Cherokee Apache Arapaho Comanche ? Answer : Piper Aircraft
Question : Not as soups what have gazpacho - vichyssoise in common ? Answer : Served Cold
Question : Nostology is the study of what ? Answer : Senility
Question : Nossa Senhora da Aparecida is the Patron Saint which country ? Answer : Brazil
Question : Nossa Senhora da Aparecida is Patron Saint of which country ? Answer : Brazil
Question : Norwegian Sigerson, Spy Altamont, Sea Captain Basil all who ? Answer : Sherlock Holmes
Question : North Fork Roe River - worlds shortest - which US state ? Answer : Montana
Question : North Andover Massachusetts its illegal to have what weapon ? Answer : Space Gun
Question : Norse mythology who was killed with mistletoe by blind Hodur ? Answer : Balder - most loved
Question : Norse mythology Asgard was home of the Gods what's Midgard ? Answer : Earth
Question : Norman Maine is a character in what remade twice film ? Answer : A Star is Born
Question : Norman Bean became famous as which author ? Answer : Edgar Rice Burroughs
Question : Norma Talmage in 1927 made the first - the first what ? Answer : Footprints concrete
Question : Noologists study what ? Answer : The Mind
Question : Nonpariel Mission Caramel Neplus Peerless types of what ? Answer : Almonds
Question : Nonage is what reason to stop a marriage ? Answer : Underage one or both
Question : Noel Coward gave what director his start on In Which we Serve ? Answer : David Lean
Question : Nobody's perfect is the last line in which classic comedy film ? Answer : Some Like it Hot
Question : Nobody Does it Better was sung in which Bond film ? Answer : The Spy Who Loved
Question : Noah's Ark had two of everything including what feature ? Answer : Windows
Question : No US president has ever been what ? Answer : An only child
Question : Nipper is the RCA dog in the US what's he known as in the UK ? Answer : HMV dog
Question : Ninkasi was the ancient Egyptian goddess of what ? Answer : Beer
Question : Nine inches in nautical measure is called what ? Answer : A Span
Question : Nikioli Poliakoff became famous under what name ? Answer : Coco the clown
Question : Nigel Neil created which famous UK Professor in the 50s ? Answer : Professor Quatermass
Question : Nicky Chinn Mike Chapman wrote Suzi Quatro No 1 UK song ? Answer : Can the Can 1973
Question : Nicknamed The Tiger who lead France at the end of WW1 ? Answer : George Clemenceau
Question : Nick Nolte played the Poor Man who played the Rich Man ? Answer : Peter Strauss
Question : Nichole Dunsdon was the last what in October 1992 ? Answer : Miss Canada
Question : Newspeak - Portable Handheld Communications Transcribers ? Answer : A Pencil
Question : New Orleans USA - Southampton GB same nick football team ? Answer : Saints
Question : New Jersey has a museum with 5400 exhibits of what ? Answer : Spoons
Question : Nevada means what when translated from Indian ? Answer : Snow
Question : Nevada and Canberra are varieties of which vegetable ? Answer : Cauliflower
Question : Nessus killed Hercules - What was Nessus ? Answer : Centaur
Question : Nessiteras Rhombopteryx Latinised name of what - as a Hoax ? Answer : Loch Ness Monster
Question : Nephologists study what ? Answer : Clouds - Meteorology
Question : Nenen-Kona is sold in Russia - what do we call it ? Answer : Pepsi-Cola
Question : Nelis, Seckel, Forelle and Bosc all varieties of what ? Answer : Pears
Question : Nekal was the first type of what product (Germany 1917) ? Answer : Detergent
Question : Nebkheperura was his first name what do we call him today ? Answer : Tutankamen
Question : Near Ayres Rock is a lake named after which composer ? Answer : Mozart
Question : Naturally we got to find a place called Fuka - Where ? Answer : Zaire
Question : Nathan Burnbaum became famous under what name ? Answer : George Burns
Question : Nathan Bedford Forest a confederate general was the first what ? Answer : Grand Wizard KKK
Question : Natasha Gurdin became famous as who ? Answer : Natilie Wood
Question : Narton is a mixture of baking soda and salt what was it used for ? Answer : Mummification
Question : Narita is the main airport of which city ? Answer : Tokyo
Question : Narcotics comes from the Greek - what it literally mean ? Answer : Electric eels - put on
Question : Napoleons life was saved by a dog what breed - and he hated dogs ? Answer : Newfoundland -
Question : Napoleon had a fear of what - Aelurophobia ? Answer : Cats
Question : Napka currency Ismara official capital which African country ? Answer : Eritrea
Question : NAOH is the chemical formula for what ? Answer : Sodium Hydroxide
Question : Nanook is a Canadian word for what animal ? Answer : Polar Bear
Question : Names from Jobs - what in the middle ages did a walker do ? Answer : Clean Cloth
Question : Names from jobs - Baker Cook obvious what was a Pallistair ? Answer : Fence maker
Question : Names from jobs - Baker Cook obvious what did a Mercer do ? Answer : Textile dealer
Question : Names Cook Baker obvious what did a Chandler do ? Answer : Make Candles
Question : Names - Baker Cook obvious what did Cordwainer do ? Answer : Shoemaker
Question : Names - Baker - Cook Smith easy - what did a Chandler do ? Answer : Make Candles
Question : Name woman set up free birth control clinic in Holloway in 1920 ? Answer : Marie Stopes
Question : Name William Shakespeare son ? Answer : Hamnet
Question : Name was the first city to mint its own gold coins in 1252 ? Answer : Florence - florin
Question : Name was Richard Kimble's favourite alias in the TV series ? Answer : Jim
Question : Name vegetable banned different times causing leprosy rickets ? Answer : Potato
Question : Name USA city it's illegal to have a nude shop dummy on display ? Answer : New York
Question : Name US mountain range comes from French At the Bows ? Answer : Ozarks - Aux Arcs
Question : Name UK TV show with Jim Hacker and Sir Humphry Appleby ? Answer : Yes Minister
Question : Name UK General who defeated Montcalm on Plains Abraham ? Answer : James Wolfe
Question : Name two sports where the winner moves backwards ? Answer : Rowing - Tug of War
Question : Name two self cleaning organs ? Answer : Eye Vagina
Question : Name Tina Turners solo comeback album of 1984 ? Answer : Private Dancer
Question : Name the X man who shoots laser beams from his eyes ? Answer : Cyclops
Question : Name the word an anti mine device towed from bows of a ship ? Answer : Paravane
Question : Name the triangular cotton headscarf or Russian grandmother ? Answer : Babushka
Question : Name the test applied to computers to see if they can think ? Answer : Turing test
Question : Name the term for the length of a hawks legs from thigh to foot ? Answer : In Falconry its an Arm
Question : Name the superspy man from Z.O.W.I.E. played James Coburn ? Answer : Our Man Flint
Question : Name the subject Harry Harrison's 1977 book Great Balls of Fire ? Answer : Sex in Science Fiction
Question : Name the son / daughter of Eliot / Ruth Handler ? Answer : Barbie / Ken yes those
Question : Name the smurf spin off characters that live underwater ? Answer : Snorks
Question : Name the Shakespeare play with a city in Greece in name ? Answer : Timon of Athens
Question : Name the Shakespeare character son of the witch Sycorax ? Answer : Caliban in The
Question : Name the second most commonly spoken language in Australia ? Answer : Italian
Question : Name the science fiction writer who lives in Sri Lanka ? Answer : Arthur C Clark
Question : Name the Rolling Stones second album ? Answer : Rolling Stones No 2
Question : Name the river that flows through Baghdad ? Answer : Tigris
Question : Name the raven in George Orwell's Animal Farm ? Answer : Moses
Question : Name the racehorse decapitated in the Godfather ? Answer : Khartoum
Question : Name the profession most often late for doctors appointments ? Answer : Doctors
Question : Name the producer of Starsky & Hutch and Beverly Hills 91210 ? Answer : Aaron Sperling
Question : Name the pet peacock on The Walton's ? Answer : Rover
Question : Name the pet alligator in Miami Vice ? Answer : Elvis
Question : Name the person who caused Chicago kids to get school milk ? Answer : Al Capone
Question : Name the one person who has won a Nobel and an Oscar ? Answer : G B Shaw Lit 1925
Question : Name the national rugby team of Argentina ? Answer : Pumas
Question : Name the Motown star shot and killed by his father in 1984 ? Answer : Marvin Gaye
Question : Name the most famous English artist who painted mostly horses ? Answer : George Stubbs
Question : Name the most downloaded cyberpet over 14 million ? Answer : MOPy fish
Question : Name the Monkeys only film made in 1969 ? Answer : Head
Question : Name the main horse in Animal Farm ? Answer : Boxer
Question : Name the lion in the Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe ? Answer : Aslan
Question : Name the Lieutenant Colonel who was first black US in space ? Answer : Bluford
Question : Name the legless fighter pilot of ww2 ? Answer : Douglas Bader
Question : Name the largest Mediterranean island ? Answer : Sicily
Question : Name the knot used to shorten a rope without cutting it ? Answer : Sheepshank
Question : Name the Indian version of Barbie ? Answer : Monica
Question : Name the hummingbird in Disney's Pocahontas ? Answer : Flit
Question : Name the Hotel in Arthur Haley's novel / film of same name ? Answer : St Gregory
Question : Name the Hong Kong stock exchange ? Answer : Hang Seng
Question : Name the home city of the US football team nicknamed Falcons ? Answer : Atlanta
Question : Name the hero Len Deightons Ipcress File and Funeral in Berlin ? Answer : Not named in books
Question : Name the Greek national airline ? Answer : Olympic Airways
Question : Name the first web browser publicly available ? Answer : NCSA Mosaic
Question : Name the first war submarine invented by David Bushnell it sank ? Answer : Turtle
Question : Name the first US president to serve ice cream at a state dinner ? Answer : Thomas Jefferson
Question : Name the first teddy bear in space ? Answer : Mishka 1980 Olympic
Question : Name the first storm 19 June 1978 called after a man ? Answer : Bud
Question : Name the first space probe to land on the moon 13 Sept 1959 ? Answer : Luna 2
Question : Name the first self contained home computer - ? Answer : A Commodore Pet
Question : Name the first person to hit a golf ball over 400 yards with 6 iron ? Answer : Alan Shepherd on the
Question : Name the first mailman in Philadelphia ? Answer : Benjamin Franklin
Question : Name the first foreign company to open a factory in the USA ? Answer : Volkswagen
Question : Name the first film to have its sequel released in the same year ? Answer : King Kong - Son of
Question : Name the first chocolate bar created by Forest Mars in 1923 ? Answer : Milky Way
Question : Name the first cartoon character made into a parade balloon ? Answer : Felix the Cat
Question : Name the first car model with transverse engine front wheel drive ? Answer : Austin Mini
Question : Name the first British show to air on US autumn prime time ? Answer : The Avengers
Question : Name the first British film studio set up in the 1930s ? Answer : Pinewood Studios
Question : Name the first British actress to appear on a British stamp 1985 ? Answer : Vivien Leigh
Question : Name the first Bond film not based on an Ian Fleming book ? Answer : Goldeneye
Question : Name the first Alsatian dog film star 1921 ? Answer : Strongheart - Rin Tin
Question : Name the first African American doll produced by Mattel ? Answer : Francie
Question : Name the first actor to get best actor Oscar for repeating a role ? Answer : Paul Newman -
Question : Name the English chemist who first isolated sodium ? Answer : Sir Humphry Davie
Question : Name the Egyptian God of funerals ? Answer : Anubis
Question : Name the Editor in Chief New York Herald sent Stanley to Africa ? Answer : Gordon Bennett
Question : Name the Duke of Wellingtons horse at Waterloo ? Answer : Copenhagen
Question : Name the dogs in Magnum PI ? Answer : Zeus Apollo
Question : Name the detective in My gun is Quick, Murder is my Business ? Answer : Mike Hammer -
Question : Name the dark lord in Lord of the Rings ? Answer : Sauron
Question : Name the dance that means new voice in Portuguese ? Answer : Bossa Nova
Question : Name the cowardly member of Dick Dastardly's squadron ? Answer : Zilly
Question : Name the country that starts with A but does not end with A ? Answer : Afghanistan
Question : Name the companion of the cartoon character Secret Squirrel ? Answer : Morocco Mole
Question : Name the capitol of Libya ? Answer : Tripoli
Question : Name the Capital of the Ukraine ? Answer : Kiev
Question : Name the British General in charge of the 1916 offensive WW1 ? Answer : Sir Douglas Haig
Question : Name the brand of the first sour mash whiskey made in 1835 ? Answer : Old Crow
Question : Name the book - first line - It was a pleasure to burn ? Answer : Fahrenheit 451 Ray
Question : Name the boat on which you can see Niagara Falls ? Answer : Maid of the Mist
Question : Name the Beatles first LP released in 1963 ? Answer : Please-please me
Question : Name the author who created Hannibal Lecter ? Answer : Thomas Harris
Question : Name the author who created Brer Rabbit and Brer Fox ? Answer : Joel Chandler Harris
Question : Name the Australian film about the pianist Halstadt ? Answer : Shine
Question : Name the American pilot shot down over Russia in 1960 ? Answer : Francis Garry Powers
Question : Name the actor who played Ben Casey (both Names) ? Answer : Vince Edwards
Question : Name the aboriginal detective in the novels of Arthur W Upfield ? Answer : Napoleon Bonaparte
Question : Name the 3 headed dog in Harry Potter and Philosophers stone ? Answer : Fluffy
Question : Name surveyors symbol that looks like a broad arrow with a bar ? Answer : Benchmark
Question : Name Steve McQueen's Karate teacher - later an actor ? Answer : Chuck Norris
Question : Name Stephen King's first published novel ? Answer : Carrie
Question : Name Stanley Kubrick's last film as director before his death ? Answer : Eyes Wide Shut
Question : Name ship sunk by the submarine Conqueror Falklands War ? Answer : General Belgrano
Question : Name Shakespeare play Ariel, Miranda and Prospero appear ? Answer : The Tempest
Question : Name Santa Clauses (St Nicholas) French brother ? Answer : Bells Nichols
Question : Name Roman soldier who is supposed to have stabbed Jesus ? Answer : Longinius
Question : Name Popeye's hungry friend ? Answer : J Wellington Wimpy
Question : Name Pluto's moon ? Answer : Charon
Question : Name Pink Floyds only single ? Answer : Oranges and Lemons
Question : Name origins Baker obvious but what had a Palmer done ? Answer : Pilgrimage returned
Question : Name only sports team to play professionally seven continents ? Answer : Harlem Globetrotters
Question : Name only non electrical musical instrument invented 20th cent ? Answer : Steel Drums
Question : Name only boxer to win a world title who never had a manager ? Answer : Jake La Motta
Question : Name of which household object comes from Latin to wonder at ? Answer : Mirror
Question : Name of the Roman hippodrome used for chariot races ? Answer : Circus Maximus
Question : Name of the road system links 17 capitals in South America ? Answer : Pan American
Question : Name of the Major General who invented the exploding shell ? Answer : Henry Shrapnel
Question : Name of the "cow town" Joseph McCoy developed in the 1860s ? Answer : Abaline
Question : Name of Shakespeare's simple constable in Measure for Measure ? Answer : Elbow
Question : Name most performed opera at London opera House since 1833 ? Answer : La Boheme
Question : Name Merlin's owl in Disney's Sword in the Stone ? Answer : Archimedes
Question : Name Mary Quant's shop that led the 60s fashion revolution ? Answer : Bazaar
Question : Name Lois Lanes stewardess sister ? Answer : Lucy Lane
Question : Name Leonard Nimoy's autobiography ? Answer : I am not Spock
Question : Name Lancashire town first test tube baby born ? Answer : Oldham
Question : Name John Huston's last film ? Answer : The Dead
Question : Name Jennifer Anniston's Godfather ? Answer : Telly Savalas
Question : Name Irelands oldest licensed whiskey distillery ? Answer : Bushmills
Question : Name Indiana Joneses dog ? Answer : Indiana
Question : Name Indian chief who rode in Roosevelt's inaugural procession ? Answer : Geronimo
Question : Name Hopalong Cassidy's horse ? Answer : Topper
Question : Name Hong Kong Phooey's cat ? Answer : Spot
Question : Name Homer Simpsons bowling team ? Answer : Pin Pals
Question : Name Hercule Poirot's valet ? Answer : George
Question : Name Helen of Troys husband ? Answer : Menelaus
Question : Name Harry Potters non magical cousin ? Answer : Dudley Dursley
Question : Name group originally called the golliwogs had hit Proud Mary ? Answer : Credence Clearwater
Question : Name Greek Goat Amaltheas horns that good things flowed from ? Answer : Cornucopia
Question : Name Glen Millers signature tune ? Answer : Moonlight Serenade
Question : Name Frosty the Snowman's son ? Answer : Chilly - Millie
Question : Name Frank Sinatra's Yacht ? Answer : My Way Again
Question : Name first monochrome film converted electronically to colour ? Answer : Yankee Doodle
Question : Name first female top US single / album charts simultaneously ? Answer : The Singing Nun Sis
Question : Name first animated film to be nominated for best picture Oscar ? Answer : Disney Beauty and
Question : Name European Cathedral known as the coronation cathedral ? Answer : Rheims
Question : Name Ernest Hemmingway's book dealing with bullfighting ? Answer : Fiesta
Question : Name Elvis Presley's twin brother ? Answer : Aaron
Question : Name Elvis Presley's father ? Answer : Vernon Presley
Question : Name Eleanor Roosevelt's job 1932 husband became president ? Answer : Editor of magazine
Question : Name Donald Ducks father ? Answer : Quackemore
Question : Name Disney's first film to win an Academy Award ? Answer : Flowers and Trees
Question : Name Dennis the Menace dog Hank Ketchum comics 1950s ? Answer : Ruff
Question : Name Def Leopards one armed drummer ? Answer : Rick Allen
Question : Name Clint Eastwoods first film made in 1955 ? Answer : Francis in the Navy
Question : Name Chewbacca's son - seen Star wars holiday special 1978 ? Answer : Lumpy
Question : Name Casper the friendly ghosts horse ? Answer : Nightmare
Question : Name Captain Nemo's pet seal ? Answer : Esmeralda
Question : Name Canada's oldest incorporated city ? Answer : Saint John
Question : Name both the Greek and Roman God of Prophecy and Plagues ? Answer : Apollo
Question : Name both rival gangs in West Side Story ? Answer : Sharks Jets
Question : Name both families in Soap ? Answer : Tates Campbells
Question : Name Bilbo Baggins mother ? Answer : Belladonna Took
Question : Name bar John Wilkes Booth got pissed in before killing Lincoln ? Answer : Star Saloon
Question : Name bald head character that peers over walls saying wot no ? Answer : Chad
Question : Name award shaped like a teapot with a skull and crossbones ? Answer : Agatha - for crime
Question : Name Australia's highest mountain ? Answer : Mount Kosciusko
Question : Name any of the demonstration sports at the Sydney Olympics ? Answer : Ballroom Dancing -
Question : Name Alice's pet cat ? Answer : Dinah
Question : Name Alfred Hitchcock's first sound film as director ? Answer : Blackmail
Question : Name actor Von Ryan's Express, The Third Man, Brief Encounter ? Answer : Trevor Howard
Question : Name actor fired as no star quality because of big Adams apple ? Answer : Clint Eastwood
Question : Name actor called The voice of Canada - had 1964 hit Ringo ? Answer : Lorne Green
Question : Name a quadruped beginning with the letter N ? Answer : Newt - Nutria - Nagli
Question : Name 3rd cent BC Greek mathematician wrote The Elements ? Answer : Euclid
Question : Name 1st Disney cartoon film based on the life of a real person ? Answer : Pocahontas
Question : Name 18th Century playwrite of The Rivals, School for Scandal ? Answer : Richard Brindsley
Question : Name (in the US) Denis the Menaces cat ? Answer : Hot Dog
Question : Nadsat was a made up language in what book and film ? Answer : A Clockwork Orange
Question : Nacre is more commonly known as what ? Answer : Mother of Pearl
Question : N2O is more commonly known as what ? Answer : Laughing gas
Question : N is the civil aircraft marking for which country ? Answer : USA
Question : Mythological beasts name comes from the Greek chimney man ? Answer : Salamander
Question : Myrastica fragrens is what common spice ? Answer : Nutmeg
Question : Myosotis Sylvestris is the Latin name of which common plant ? Answer : Forget me Not
Question : Myosotis is the Latin name for what blue flower ? Answer : Forget me Not
Question : My Word were the final words of which famous TV character ? Answer : James Tiberius Kirk
Question : Musophobia is a fear of what ? Answer : Mice
Question : Musical terms - what does De Capo mean on a score ? Answer : From the beginning
Question : Musical instrument is named from the Greek wooden sound ? Answer : Xylophone
Question : Muscatel literally means what in Italian ? Answer : With Flies on it
Question : Musca Domestica can cause disease in man - what is it ? Answer : Common Housefly
Question : Musashi was the first Japanese to use two what simultaneously ? Answer : Swords - famous for it
Question : Musa acuminata is what favourite food item ? Answer : Banana
Question : Murphy's Oil soap is most often used to clean what ? Answer : Elephants
Question : Mumbai is the modern name of which city ? Answer : Bombay
Question : Muckle John was the last official royal one in England - what ? Answer : Fool or Jester
Question : Mstislav Rostropovich was a maestro on what instrument ? Answer : Cello
Question : Mrs Hugh McCorquodale was famous as what literary figure ? Answer : Barbara Cartland
Question : Mrs Darell Waters (translated 128 languages) pen name ? Answer : Edith Blyton
Question : Mr Spocks blood was green - but what group ? Answer : T - Negative
Question : Mr Mybug was only interested in sex with Flora in what book ? Answer : Cold Comfort Farm
Question : Mr Doberman developed the breed protection at work - what job ? Answer : Tax Collector
Question : Mr Chips said goodbye from Brookfield school - What subject ? Answer : Latin
Question : Mr Chips said goodbye - from which fictional school ? Answer : Brookfield
Question : Mr Cat Poop was the Chinese translation what Nicholson film ? Answer : As Good as it Gets
Question : Mozart wrote Ah, Vous Dirai-Je, Maman what's its English title ? Answer : Twinkle - Twinkle
Question : Mountain ranges like Sierra Nevada what does Nevada mean ? Answer : Snow Topped
Question : Mount Teide is the highest mountain in which country ? Answer : Spain it's on Tenerife
Question : Mount Logan is the highest mountain in which country ? Answer : Canada
Question : Mould board Disc and Rotary are types of what ? Answer : Plough
Question : Mother Carey's Chickens sailors slang for what bird(s) ? Answer : Storm Petrels
Question : Most people bob for apples what do Adams family bob for ? Answer : Crabs
Question : Most people associate the colour green with which flavour ? Answer : Mint
Question : Most of these animals are bisexual - what animal ? Answer : Giraffe
Question : Most lipsticks contain what unexpected item ? Answer : Fish Scales
Question : Most Jell-o contains crushed what ? Answer : Hooves
Question : Most blue eyed cats are what ? Answer : Deaf
Question : Mosi-oa-Tunya - Smoke that Thunders - what natural feature ? Answer : Victoria falls
Question : Moses 10 plagues on Egypt - what was the fourth ? Answer : Flies
Question : Morrissey was the lead singer of which band ? Answer : The Smiths
Question : Morris Frank brought Buddy from Swiss in 1928 what was Buddy ? Answer : First Seeing eye dog
Question : Moriaphillia is sexual arousal from what ? Answer : Telling dirty jokes
Question : More that I/3 adults do what average 3 time each morning ? Answer : Hit Snooze button on
Question : More than 40% of USA women were once what ? Answer : Girl Scouts
Question : More than 14 million are sold daily in 150 countries - what ? Answer : Bic pens
Question : More than 100 women make a living from impersonating who ? Answer : Marilyn Monroe
Question : Morbi in Gujarat is where most of the worlds what are made ? Answer : Wall Clocks
Question : Moons of the faithful is the Chinese translation of what fruit ? Answer : Apricot
Question : Montezuma's nephew Cuitlahac name means what ? Answer : Plenty of Excrement
Question : Montana its illegal to have what in your cab without chaperone ? Answer : A Sheep
Question : Monology is the study of what ? Answer : Stupidity
Question : Mojo is a Filipino what ? Answer : Alcoholic fruit punch
Question : Mohs scale hardest substance is diamond - what's the softest ? Answer : Talc
Question : Modern Olympics - only Greece and which country in all ? Answer : Australia
Question : Mizaru Mikazaru and Mazaru are better known as who ? Answer : Three Monkeys
Question : Mitsibushi - now cars - planes during war - literally means what ? Answer : Three Diamonds
Question : Mitre Dovetail Jig and Hack are types of what ? Answer : Saw
Question : Missouri has an unusual inalienable right - what ? Answer : Drunkenness
Question : Miss Lemon is what detectives confidential secretary ? Answer : Hercule Poirot
Question : Miss Ellen Church was the worlds first what in 1930 ? Answer : Air Stewardess
Question : Misogamy is a dislike or hatred of what ? Answer : Marriage
Question : Miso a traditional Japanese cooking ingredient is what ? Answer : Soybean Paste
Question : Miso a basic ingredient in Japanese cooking is made of what ? Answer : Soybean paste
Question : Mintonette was the original name of what sport in 1891 ? Answer : Volleyball
Question : Mintonette was the original name of what sport ? Answer : Volleyball
Question : Minerva is the Goddess of what ? Answer : Wisdom
Question : Mincing Lane in London is traditionally home of what trade ? Answer : Tea
Question : Mimi is the first name of which Warner Bros cartoon character ? Answer : Roadrunner
Question : Milton lost which sense ? Answer : Sight
Question : Mildrid Harris Lita Grey Paulette Goddard Oona O Neil - Link ? Answer : Charlie Chaplains
Question : Middle ages Monks denied meat on fast days ate what ? Answer : Rabbit Foetuses -
Question : Middle ages it was believed birds picked mates what Saints day ? Answer : 14th February - Saint
Question : Middle Ages having what creatures in the house was good luck ? Answer : Ants
Question : Mickey Rooney made a series of films based on what family ? Answer : Hardy family
Question : Mickey Mouse's Pluto had what name when he first appeared ? Answer : Rover
Question : Michael Henchard better known as what eponymous literary hero ? Answer : The Mayor of
Question : Michael Dumble-Smith became famous as who ? Answer : Michael Crawford
Question : Michael Bond created which children's character ? Answer : Paddington Bear
Question : Methyphobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Alcohol
Question : Methacrylate resin is used to make what ? Answer : Prosthetic eyes
Question : Messidor, Thermidor and Fructidor were what in 1789 (JJA) ? Answer : French revolutionary
Question : Merrylegs was a performing circus dog in which Dickens novel ? Answer : Hard Times
Question : Meridian is a shade of what colour ? Answer : Green
Question : Mentu Egyptian Tyr Norse Gods of what ? Answer : War
Question : Mens world championships started 1903 but 1934 women what ? Answer : Gymnastics
Question : Menkes Kinky Hair Syndrome caused by deficiency of what ? Answer : Copper
Question : Mendelssohn's Wedding March comes from which work ? Answer : A Midsummer Nights
Question : Mendelssohn's symphony number 4 is nicknamed what ? Answer : The Italian
Question : Mendavoy and Martinez are characters in which TV show ? Answer : NYPD Blue
Question : Men women compete 3 Olympic sports Equestrian Shooting ? ? Answer : Yachting
Question : Men without chest hair are more likely to get what disease ? Answer : Cirrhosis of the liver
Question : Men play it at 40 feet women 30 feet what game ? Answer : Horseshoes
Question : Men must toss what at least 3 times during Olneys Great Race ? Answer : A Pancake
Question : Men average 12 a year women 18 a year - what ? Answer : Read Books
Question : Men are ten times more likely than women to have what ? Answer : Colour Blindness
Question : Memonites are what Christian sect founded 1525 Conrad Grebel ? Answer : Anabaptists like
Question : Membrenaphone musical instruments commonly called what ? Answer : Drums
Question : Melvin R Bissell invented what in 1876 in the USA ? Answer : Carpet Sweeper
Question : Melita in the Bible where Paul was shipwrecked is where today ? Answer : Malta
Question : Melba sauce is made from what fruit ? Answer : Raspberries
Question : Mediolanum was the Roman name for what Italian city ? Answer : Milan
Question : Medieval wine measurement there are two buts to a what ? Answer : Tun
Question : Measure for Measure deals with what contemporary theme ? Answer : Angelo harasses
Question : Meaning person who overcomes name the ancient Indian religion ? Answer : Jainism
Question : McLean Stevenson played which character in MASH ? Answer : Colonel Blake
Question : McDonalds and Burger King put what on their fries ? Answer : Sugar to brown colour
Question : May 21st 1881 Clara Barton founded what ? Answer : American Red Cross
Question : Maurice Micklewhite became famous as who ? Answer : Michael Caine
Question : Mauna Loa, Paricutin, Surtsey and Susya are all what ? Answer : Volcanoes
Question : Mathew Webb swam the channel - where did he drown ? Answer : Niagara Falls
Question : Matador and Sniff are two varieties of what game ? Answer : Dominoes
Question : Mastigothymia is sexual arousal from what ? Answer : Flagellation whipping
Question : Mastigophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Flogging
Question : Massachusetts in April the law states that dogs will have what ? Answer : Rear Legs Tied
Question : Maschalophilous people get sexually aroused by what ? Answer : Armpits
Question : Marzipan comes from Marci Panis literally meaning what ? Answer : Marks bread St Marks
Question : Maryland No1 Montana No 1 Minnesota No 3 types of what ? Answer : Pigs American Breeds
Question : Mary Surratt what the first woman to do what in US ? Answer : Be Hanged
Question : Mary Somerville said "It wont last, a flash in the pan" what ? Answer : Television
Question : Mary Read and Anne Boney had what job in common ? Answer : Pirates
Question : Mary Pickford Charlie Chaplin and who founded United Artists ? Answer : D W Griffith
Question : Mary Leta Dorothy Slaton became famous as who ? Answer : Dorothy Lamour
Question : Mary Kelly was the last known who ? Answer : Victim Jack Ripper
Question : Mary Isobel Catherine O'Brian born 1939 better known as who ? Answer : Dusty Springfield
Question : Mary Cathleen Collins changed her name to what ? Answer : Bo Derek
Question : Mary Cathering Collins became famous as who ? Answer : Bo Derek
Question : Mary Ann Nichols was the first - the first what ? Answer : Victim of Jack the
Question : Martina Navratilova won most doubles with which partner ? Answer : Pam Shriver
Question : Martina Hinges represents what country at tennis ? Answer : Switzerland
Question : Martin Fallon Hugh Marlow James Graham Harry Patterson who ? Answer : Jack Higgins
Question : Married men in France use more what than their wives ? Answer : Cosmetics
Question : Married men do it twice as often as single men - what ? Answer : Change Underwear
Question : Marnie Nixon what Deborah Kerr Natilie Wood Audrey Hepburn ? Answer : Dubbed in their
Question : Marmolada nearly 11000 feet highest peak what mountain range ? Answer : Dolomites
Question : Market research says what colour makes people spend more ? Answer : Light Purple
Question : Mark Chapman was carrying what book when he killed Lenon ? Answer : Catcher in the Rye
Question : Marion Barry - Mayor of Washington arrested for what ? Answer : Possession of Crack
Question : Mario first appeared in which video game ? Answer : Donkey Kong
Question : Marilyn Munroe was the model for which Disney Character ? Answer : Tinker Bell
Question : Marilyn Louis born 1922 changed her name to what star of 40s ? Answer : Rhonda Fleming
Question : Marie Tussaud was born in what country ? Answer : Switzerland
Question : Marie Stopes discovered what in British Museum after marriage ? Answer : Should not be virgin
Question : Marie Gresholtz is better known as who ? Answer : Madam Tussaud
Question : Maria Magdelana Von Losch Beyyer know as who ? Answer : Marlene Dietrich
Question : Margin Guaging Angle Corner Flooring types of what tool ? Answer : Trowel
Question : Margie Belcher provided the body movements - which character ? Answer : Disney Snow White
Question : Margarita Carmen Casino became famous as who ? Answer : Rita Heyworth
Question : Margaret Thatcher day is 10th January in what area ? Answer : Falklands Islands
Question : Margaret Hookham changed her name famed as who ? Answer : Dame Margot Fonteyn
Question : Margaret Herrick named it in 1931 what ? Answer : The Oscar - looked
Question : Marfona, Romano and Pentland Javelin varieties of what ? Answer : Potatoes
Question : Marengo was Napoleons horse but he rode who at Waterloo ? Answer : Disiree white Arabian
Question : Mare Nostrum was the Roman name for what ? Answer : Mediterranean Sea
Question : Marduk was the creator of the world to what ancient people ? Answer : Babylonians
Question : Marcus Garvey founded what ? Answer : Rastafarians
Question : March April and May are the only months that have what ? Answer : Anagrams Charm
Question : March 21st to April 20th is what Star sign ? Answer : Aries
Question : Marcellite Garner was the first voice for what Disney character ? Answer : Minnie Mouse
Question : Marathon runners have on average 14 a week - what ? Answer : Alcoholic drinks
Question : Mapother IV is the real surname of what film star ? Answer : Tom Cruise
Question : Maoni Vi of Capetown has the world longest what at 28 inches ? Answer : Pubic Hair
Question : Mao Muka Neko Pisica are what Chinese Gypsy Japan Ruman ? Answer : ia Cats 4 languages
Question : Mao had the red book who did the green book on African unity ? Answer : Moammar Qaddhaffi
Question : Manya Sklodowska became famous under what name ? Answer : Madam Curie
Question : Manutius's Virgil printed 1501 was the first time what was used ? Answer : Italic letters
Question : Manu National Park Peru has 1300 different species of what ? Answer : Butterfly
Question : Manticore was a mythical beast head of a man body of what ? Answer : A Lion
Question : Mansard, Gambrel and Hip all types of what ? Answer : Building roof
Question : Mans formal dress coat called tails is named after what bird ? Answer : Swallow
Question : Mandoura Greece Zampogna Italy Corenmuse France what is it ? Answer : Bagpipes
Question : Mandarin and Peter Pan are which parts of a garment ? Answer : Collars
Question : Man shall not live by bread alone - Which NT book ? Answer : Matthew 4.4
Question : Males outnumber females by 5 to 1 in what addiction ? Answer : Alcoholism
Question : Malden Serkiovitch famous as which actor ? Answer : Karl Malden
Question : Majorca belongs to which island group ? Answer : Balearic Islands
Question : Maiden, Mother of All, Footman all parts of what ? Answer : A Spinning wheel
Question : Magnus Huss (a Swede) coined which word ? Answer : Alcoholism
Question : Magnum PI wore a baseball cap supporting what team ? Answer : Detroit Tigers
Question : Magnifera Indica is the Latin name of what fruit ? Answer : Mango
Question : Mageiricophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Cooking
Question : Mageiricophobia is a fear of what ? Answer : Having to cook
Question : Magazine wrote "Fighting for peace" is like fucking for chastity ? Answer : Knave March 1977
Question : Mafalde is what shaped pasta ? Answer : Corrugated Strips
Question : Madrid there are more what in one street than all of Finland ? Answer : Bars
Question : Madame Pauline de Vere first female circus performer - do what ? Answer : Head in Lions Mouth
Question : Madam Hooch teaches what at Hogwarts school ? Answer : Quidditch
Question : MacDonald farm Sheep Cows Pigs Chicks Ducks Donkeys and what ? Answer : Turkeys
Question : M31 is the nearest galaxy to us - what is its other name ? Answer : Andromeda
Question : Lyssophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Going Mad
Question : Lygophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Darkness
Question : Lycopersicum esculentum is what common food ? Answer : Tomato
Question : Lutitia is what the Romans called where ? Answer : Paris
Question : Lusophone describes countries whose main language is what ? Answer : Portuguese
Question : Lusitania was the Roman name of what modern country ? Answer : Portugal
Question : Luke wrote two Bible books Luke and what ? Answer : Acts
Question : Luke Halpin Sandy Tommy Norden Bud what 1960s TV show ? Answer : Flipper
Question : Lucy Johnson became famous under what name ? Answer : Ava Gardner
Question : Lucy Hobbs Taylor 1867 first woman in the US to do what ? Answer : Become a registered
Question : Lucus Dominitus Ahenobarbus was better known as who ? Answer : Nero
Question : Lucknow is a city in India - and what other country ? Answer : Canada
Question : Lucius Tarquinius Superbus was the last king of where ? Answer : Rome
Question : Lucille Le Sueur became famous as who ? Answer : Joan Crawford
Question : Lucille Langhanke born 1906 won an Oscar as who in 1941 ? Answer : Mary Astor
Question : Luchiano Paverotti has what in his pocket for luck when singing ? Answer : Bent Nail
Question : Lovely Rita meter maid appeared on which Beatles album ? Answer : Sergeant Peppers
Question : Louisa Adams was the only first lady to be what ? Answer : Born outside USA
Question : Louis Washkansky was the first to do what in 1967 ? Answer : Get a heart transplant
Question : Louis the XVI France only two (recorded) what in his lifetime ? Answer : Baths
Question : Louis Maxwell became well know for playing which role ? Answer : Moneypenny in early
Question : Lotta and Vassar were the first two brands of what ? Answer : Wrigley's Gum
Question : LOT is the national airline of what country ? Answer : Poland
Question : Los Pedernales is a Spanish translation what TV show ? Answer : The Flintstones
Question : Los Angeles alone has more than the whole of France - what ? Answer : Judges
Question : Lorne Green has only one what (an alligator ate the other) ? Answer : Nipple
Question : Lord Lovat was the last in England to do what ? Answer : Be judicially
Question : Lord Harry, Old Billy, Queed, Skipper, Toast nicknames for who ? Answer : The Devil or Satan
Question : Longacre square is now better known as what ? Answer : Times Square - NY
Question : Long Legged Hannah and Marty's Express what pastime involved ? Answer : Line Dancing
Question : Long jump, High Jump, Triple Jump what missing ? Answer : Pole Vault Olympic
Question : London link Prince Edward's, Prince of Wales, Her Majesty's ? Answer : Theatres
Question : London and which UK city are joined by the Grand Union canal ? Answer : Birmingham
Question : Locomotive 4472 is better known by what name ? Answer : Flying Scotsman
Question : Local law - Atwood con - cant play what if waiting politician speak ? Answer : Scrabble
Question : Lobster Newberg was invented at what famous restaurant ? Answer : Delmonicos
Question : Liza Minelli played what character in Cabaret ? Answer : Sally Bowles
Question : Little Larry Puny Pete Small Sam considered names of who ? Answer : Dickens Tiny Tim
Question : Little Jumping Flea literal trans of what Hawaiian instrument ? Answer : Ukulele
Question : Little Eva introduced which dance in 1962 ? Answer : The Locomotion
Question : Literal translation what Persian word is leg garment ? Answer : Panamas
Question : Liquid Sunshine was the original slogan of which product ? Answer : Doctor Peppers
Question : Linus Torwalds invented and wrote what ? Answer : linux computer operating system
Question : Link the sports Cricket, Rackets, Croquet and Motorboat racing ? Answer : Only appeared once in
Question : Link Danny Fisher Charlie Rogers Vince Everett Chad Gates ? Answer : Elvis Presley
Question : Link Aurora Texas, Spitsbergen Norway and Ubatuba Brazil ? Answer : UFO crash sites
Question : Link Apollo, Ghengis Khan and Abraham Lincoln on TV ? Answer : All met James T Kirk
Question : Link Achtung Adagio Bravo Butterfly Gong Polo Rondo Zebra ? Answer : Typefaces or Fonts
Question : Linda Hunt won an Oscar Year of Living Dangerously what 1st ? Answer : First Oscar playing
Question : Limnology is the study of what ? Answer : Marshes from Greek
Question : Lily Cauchoin became famous as who ? Answer : Claudette Colbert
Question : Lili Hayden played a character (not seen) in a spin off from what ? Answer : Colombo (Mrs)
Question : Lil'folkes was the original name of what comic strip ? Answer : Peanuts
Question : Life Love Cows French translation of which film ? Answer : City Slickers
Question : Liam Devlin often appears in novels by which author ? Answer : Jack Higgins
Question : Lexico was invented in 1932 what did it change its name to ? Answer : Scrabble
Question : Lewis Wilson was the first actor to play which character ? Answer : Batman
Question : Lewis Ernest Watts became famous under what name ? Answer : John Mills
Question : Levi Stubbs Renaldo Benson Abdul Fakir Laurence Payton Who ? Answer : The Four Tops
Question : Leslie Sebastian Charles is better known as who ? Answer : Billy Ocean
Question : Leslie Lynch King became famous as who ? Answer : Gerald Ford
Question : Leslie Hornby became more famous as who ? Answer : Twiggy
Question : Les Reed wrote which famous song for a Welsh singer ? Answer : Its not Unusual - Tom
Question : Les Gray was the lead singer of which group ? Answer : Mud
Question : L'Equipe is French daily newspaper covering mainly what ? Answer : Sport
Question : Lepidoptera (from the Greek) literally means what ? Answer : Scaly Winged
Question : Lepcha people Tibet consider it proper to pay teachers in what ? Answer : Alcohol is acceptable
Question : Leonid Kravchuk became president of where in 1991 ? Answer : Ukraine
Question : Leonato is the main character in what Shakespeare play ? Answer : Much ado about
Question : Leonard Sly became famous as who ? Answer : Roy Rodgers
Question : Lemniscate is the correct name for what symbol ? Answer : Infinity
Question : Legend says tortellini was created to honour what part of Venus ? Answer : Her belly button
Question : Lee Marvin won the best actor Oscar for what 1965 film ? Answer : Cat Ballou
Question : Led Deighton trilogy Game Set Match What 3 Capitals ? Answer : Berlin MexicoLondon
Question : Leather Apron was an alternative name for what famous figure ? Answer : Jack the Ripper
Question : Leader of the Iroquois Indians same name as what car ? Answer : Chief Pontiac
Question : Le Poireau is what type of vegetables ? Answer : Leek
Question : Lauris Nobilis is the Latin name of what common herb ? Answer : Bay
Question : Laurence Tureaud became more famous as who ? Answer : Mr T
Question : Laurence Skikne changed his name to what and found fame ? Answer : Laurence Harvey
Question : Launfal, Pelleas and Tristram were part of what group ? Answer : Knights of the Round
Question : Lauds Prime Tierce Sext Nones what comes next ? Answer : Vespers
Question : Last Words I am Dying with the help of too many Physicians ? Answer : Alexander the Great
Question : Lampy is the worlds oldest 1840s insured 1 million oldest what ? Answer : Garden Gnome
Question : Lalo Schifrin composed which famous TV series theme ? Answer : Mission Impossible -
Question : Lake Tittikaka is in Peru and what other country ? Answer : Bolivia
Question : Lake Tiberius is better known by what name ? Answer : Sea of Galilee
Question : Laika was the first ever dog to do what ? Answer : Go into space
Question : Lahnaphophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Vegetables
Question : Lagomorphs refer to which animal ? Answer : Rabbits
Question : Lagnoperissia is a fancy name for what sexual condition ? Answer : Nymphomania
Question : Lack of vitamin B1 causes what condition ? Answer : Beri Beri
Question : Lachanophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Vegetables
Question : La Giaconda is better known as what ? Answer : Mona Lisa
Question : La Celestina was the first one in Spain the first what ? Answer : Theatre play
Question : Krusty the Clown and Chandler in Friends have an extra what ? Answer : Nipple
Question : Kong Zi is better known as who ? Answer : Confucius
Question : Kolpeuryntomania is what sexual activity ? Answer : Stretching the vagina
Question : Kolduns popular in Russia as analysts in America what are they ? Answer : Witches
Question : Knock-Knock was the first cartoon starring what character 1940 ? Answer : Woody Woodpecker
Question : Knismolagnia is sexual arousal from what ? Answer : Tickling
Question : Knickerbockers used to be the residents of where ? Answer : New York
Question : Klysmophillia is arousal from what ? Answer : Enemas
Question : Klu Klux Clam, Uncle Ant Disgruntled goat characters from? ? Answer : Itchy & Scratchy in
Question : KLM is the national airline of which country ? Answer : Holland
Question : Kleenex tissues were originally intended as what in 1915 ? Answer : WW1 Gas mask
Question : Klaus Voormann designed the cover for which Beatles album ? Answer : Revolver
Question : Kitty, fire, draw and tuck in are terms in what sport ? Answer : Green Bowls
Question : Kitty the most common cats name in US what's the second ? Answer : Smokey
Question : Kipros in Greek Kibris in Turkish what is it in English ? Answer : Cyprus
Question : Kinpaku-iri sake contains what unusual ingredient ? Answer : Flakes of gold
Question : King Zog ruled which country ? Answer : Albania
Question : King Thibaw - imprisoned by the British - last king of where ? Answer : Burma
Question : King Mongut had aprox 9000 wife's/concubines what country ? Answer : Siam - Thailand
Question : King James the IV practiced what (and charged) on subjects ? Answer : Dentistry
Question : King Henry VIII trained as what ? Answer : A Priest
Question : King George III is remembered in which children's nursery rhyme ? Answer : The Grand old Duke
Question : Kimgazer is a newspaper in what country ? Answer : Cyprus
Question : Kimberlite contains what precious item ? Answer : Diamonds
Question : Kiki Haakenson a policeman's daughter was the worlds first what ? Answer : Miss World
Question : Kier Auro is good morning in what language ? Answer : Maori
Question : Khons was the Egyptian god of what ? Answer : Moon
Question : Kevin Kline won best supporting actor Oscar which 1988 film ? Answer : A Fish Called Wanda
Question : Kerkira is the Greek name for what Island ? Answer : Corfu
Question : Kenneth Weekes nick Ban Ban born Boston only US do what ? Answer : Play Test match
Question : Kenneth Daigneau won $100 for naming which product ? Answer : Spam
Question : Kellogg's Corn Flakes were invented to do what ? Answer : Reduce Masturbation
Question : Katy Mirza was the first Indian woman to do what ? Answer : Feature in Playboy
Question : Kate Mulgrew plays who in a Gene Roddenbery based series ? Answer : Capt Katherine
Question : Karl Lienstater discovered which medical breakthrough in 1901 ? Answer : ABO Blood Groups
Question : Kangaroos and Emus can't do what ? Answer : Walk backwards
Question : Kan Pei - Terveydeksi - Op Je gazonheid 3 ways saying what ? Answer : Good Health - Cheers
Question : Kallium is the old name for which element ? Answer : Potassium
Question : Kaleidoscope. Daddy, Palomino and Changes name the author ? Answer : Danielle Steele
Question : Kakiemon is what Japanese product ? Answer : Porcelain
Question : Kaka means parrot in which language ? Answer : Maori
Question : JVC launched VHS in 1976 what does VHS stand for ? Answer : Video Home System
Question : June 1988 who's on covers Time, Life, People, and Sports Illustrated ? Answer : Mike Tyson
Question : June 1611 what English navigator was cast adrift by mutineers ? Answer : Henry Hudson
Question : Jumping Badger was the original name of which Indian leader ? Answer : Chief Sitting Bull
Question : July 14th is a national day of celebration in what country ? Answer : France - Bastille Day
Question : Julius Sturgis in 1861 built the first US factory making what ? Answer : Pretzels
Question : Julius Caesar Hamlet Macbeth Richard III links not Obvious ? Answer : All plays contain
Question : Juliet Gordon Low founded what in Savannah Georgia 1912 ? Answer : Girl Guides
Question : Julian Dick George Anne and who make the famous five ? Answer : Timmy the Dog
Question : Juglans Regia is the real name of what type of nut tree ? Answer : Walnut
Question : JRR Tolkein wrote The Lord of the Rings what the JRR stand for ? Answer : John Robert Reuel
Question : Joyce Frankenberg born 1951 changed her name to what ? Answer : Jane Seymour
Question : Josip Broz became famous as who ? Answer : Marshal Tito
Question : Josephine Hull best supporting actress Oscar which 1950 film ? Answer : Harvey
Question : Joseph Lister - first operation antiseptic - 1867 on who ? Answer : His sister
Question : Joseph Levitch became famous as who ? Answer : Jerry Lewis
Question : Joseph Hobson Jagger broke it in 1886 broke what ? Answer : Bank at Monte Carlo
Question : Joseph Gayette invented it in 1857 to prevent piles - what ? Answer : Toilet Paper
Question : Josef Vissarionovich Dzhugashvili became famous as who ? Answer : Joseph Stalin
Question : Jorn Utzon of Denmark designed what landmark ? Answer : Sydney Opera House
Question : Jonquil is a shade of what colour ? Answer : Yellow
Question : Jonathan Buttall is well known in art by what name ? Answer : Gainsborough's Blue
Question : Johnny Rotten describe sex as five minutes of what ? Answer : Squelching
Question : Johnny Depp is afraid of what ? Answer : Clowns
Question : John Young, Gemini 3, 1968 first to do what in space ? Answer : Eat a hamburger
Question : John Wayne was nicknamed duke - but after what ? Answer : His favourite dog
Question : John Wayne called what film "The most un-American thing ever" ? Answer : High Noon
Question : John Tenniel drew the illustrations for what famous book ? Answer : Alice in Wonderland
Question : John Simon Richie became famous as who ? Answer : Sid Vicious
Question : John Ruskin - Art Critic - Marriage collapsed when wife had what ? Answer : Pubic Hair
Question : John Richie became famous under what name ? Answer : Sid Vicious
Question : John Quincy Adams was the only US president to do what ? Answer : Marry a non
Question : John Pierpoint wrote what seasonal ditty ? Answer : Jingle Bells
Question : John Paul Getty, world's richest man had what in his house ? Answer : A Payphone
Question : John Palmer is buried in York what better known name ? Answer : Dick Turpin
Question : John McLaughlin made sold McLaughlin's Belfast style - what ? Answer : Canada Dry Ginger
Question : John McEnroe won Wimbledon doubles with what partner ? Answer : Peter Fleming
Question : John Lowe Oct 1984 got £102000 first to do what on TV ? Answer : Nine dart 501 game
Question : John Lennon named The Quarrymen after what ? Answer : His old school
Question : John Le Carr invented what common term used in espionage ? Answer : Mole
Question : John Huxham in 1750 invented which word ? Answer : Influenza
Question : John Huston scored a hit with his first film - what? ? Answer : Maltese falcon
Question : John Hetherington in London introduced what in 1797 ? Answer : Top Hats
Question : John Henry Deutchendorf famous as who (both names) ? Answer : John Denver
Question : John Gore, Edward Saunders pioneered what org in Australia ? Answer : Salvation Army
Question : John Glen first USA to orbit earth was in which service ? Answer : US Marine Corps
Question : John Flynn invented what service in Australia ? Answer : Flying Doctors
Question : John Dunlop developed pneumatic tyres - what profession ? Answer : Vet
Question : John Downland was 16th century composer for which instrument ? Answer : The Lute
Question : John Dick Ann Timmy who is missing from this famous five ? Answer : Julian
Question : John de Lancie played which character in the Star Trek series ? Answer : Q
Question : John Chapman was the real name of someone famous in Ohio? ? Answer : Johnny Appleseed
Question : John Books was the final role of which actor ? Answer : John Wayne in The
Question : John Benyon Harris became famous as what S F writer ? Answer : John Wyndham
Question : Johannes Ostermeir invented which photographic aid ? Answer : Flashbulbs
Question : Johan Schober the first president of what organisation in 1923 ? Answer : Interpol
Question : Joel Chandler Harris wrote which series of stories ? Answer : Uncle Remus
Question : Joel Chandler Harris born December 1848 better known as who ? Answer : Uncle Remus
Question : Joe Yule jr born 1920 became famous as who ? Answer : Mickey Rooney
Question : Joe Yule became famous as who ? Answer : Mickey Rooney
Question : Jodie Foster and Barbara Harris appeared in which Disney film ? Answer : Freaky Friday
Question : Jockey / Author Dick Francis what injury on his wedding day ? Answer : Broken collar bone
Question : Jocasta was the wife of Laius and the mother of who ? Answer : Oedipus
Question : Jobs from names - what did a Wayne do ? Answer : Wagon Maker
Question : Joan Sandra Molinsky became famous as who ? Answer : Joan Rivers
Question : Joan Peters became famous as who ? Answer : Carol Lombard
Question : Jimmy Doyle died during a title fight in 1947 who was opponent ? Answer : Sugar Ray Robinson
Question : Jimmy Carter was the first US president to have done what ? Answer : Born in a Hospital
Question : Jim Thorpe won Olympic pentathlon 1912 who was fifth ? Answer : General George S
Question : Jim Rhodes is the alter ego of which Marvel comic book hero ? Answer : Iron Man
Question : Jim Bakus supplied the voice of which cartoon character ? Answer : Mr Magoo
Question : Jill Oppenheimer changed her name to become famous as who ? Answer : Jill St John - Tiffany
Question : JFK was actually baptised JFFK what was the other F for ? Answer : Francis
Question : Jewish boys have a Barmitsva at 13 what do girls get at 12 ? Answer : A Batmitsva
Question : Jesus was born in Bethlehem what does Bethlehem mean ? Answer : House of Bread
Question : Jerry Yang and David Filo created what ? Answer : Yahoo
Question : Jerome Siberman became famous as who ? Answer : Gene Wilder
Question : Jeri Ryan plays what character in the Star Trek series ? Answer : Seven of nine in
Question : Jenny Von Westphalen was married to who ? Answer : Karl Marx
Question : Jeffery Archer wrote Kane and Abel what was the sequel called ? Answer : The Prodigal
Question : Jeff Lynne - Roy Wood - Bev Bevan - what pop group ? Answer : Electric Light
Question : Jean-Christopher Denner invented what musical instrument ? Answer : Clarinet
Question : Jean Montgolfier in 1157 built the worlds first what ? Answer : Paper factory
Question : Jean Francois Gravelet is better remembered as who ? Answer : Blondin Tightrope
Question : Jean Claude Killy famous in which sport ? Answer : Skiing
Question : Jazz Trumpeter John Birks was better known as who ? Answer : Dizzy Gillespie
Question : Jayne Austin is famous but who reigned Britain when she wrote ? Answer : George III
Question : Jayne Austin had five brothers and one sister name her ? Answer : Cassandra
Question : Jason sailed in the Argo but who steered the ship ? Answer : Argus
Question : Jason and the Argonauts sailed to where looking for the fleece ? Answer : Colchis
Question : Japanese Soya noodles are made from what ? Answer : Buckwheat
Question : Japanese hi tec toilets auto wipe buts using what ? Answer : Lasers
Question : January in the USA is National what month ? Answer : Soup
Question : Janine Deckers suicided 1985 had top 10 hit 1962 as who ? Answer : The Singing Nun
Question : Janette Rankin in 1917 first to do what ? Answer : Woman elected to
Question : Janette MacDonald was nicknamed the Iron what ? Answer : Butterfly
Question : Janet Jackson had a starring role in which TV series ? Answer : Fame
Question : Jane Taylor 1783 1824 wrote what famous verse ? Answer : Twinkle-Twinkle
Question : Jane Peters became famous as who - ( Clark Gables wife ) ? Answer : Carol Lombard
Question : Jan Lodvik Hock changed his name to what ? Answer : Robert Maxwell
Question : Jan 21 1976 What linked Bahrain and Rio de Janeiro ? Answer : 1st Concord passenger
Question : Jamie Farr played what role in MASH ? Answer : Corporal Clinger
Question : James Outram invented what ? Answer : Tramways
Question : James Leblanche Stewart became famous under what name ? Answer : Stewart Granger
Question : James L Herlihy wrote what novel - Oscar winning film ? Answer : Midnight Cowboy
Question : James Hoban designed what ? Answer : The White House
Question : James H Pierce was the last silent film actor to play who ? Answer : Tarzan
Question : James Edgar in 1890 was the worlds first store what ? Answer : Santa Clause
Question : James Drury starred in which TV western series ? Answer : The Virginian
Question : James Doohan became famous playing what character ? Answer : Montgomery Scott
Question : James Bond flew Little Nellie in which film ? Answer : You Only Live Twice
Question : Jagger, Richards, Wyman, Jones, Watts, Stewart - which band ? Answer : The Rolling Stones
Question : Jacques Garnerin made the first in 1797 the first what ? Answer : Parachute Jump
Question : Jacqueline Du Prey is a master on what instrument ? Answer : Cello
Question : Jacque Cousteau's ship Calypso used to be what before he got it ? Answer : Minesweeper
Question : Jacob German in 1899 got the worlds first what in New York ? Answer : Speeding Ticket - 12
Question : Jackson Whipps Showalter was a US champion at what ? Answer : Chess
Question : Jack Palance won best supporting actor Oscar in what 1991 film ? Answer : City Slickers
Question : Jack Nicklaus named his course after his UK favourite what ? Answer : Muirfield
Question : Jack Ketch 1663 1686 had what job ? Answer : Hangman
Question : Jack Haley played the Tin Man what was the Tin Mans name ? Answer : Hickory Twicker
Question : Jacinth or Hyacinth are alternative names of what mineral ? Answer : Zircon
Question : J Worthington Foulfeather was the name of what Disney character ? Answer : The Fox in Pinocchio
Question : J K Rowling wrote the Harry Potter series what do the JK mean ? Answer : Joanne Kathleen
Question : J H Robertson invented what ? Answer : Automatic Gearbox
Question : J G Galle discovered it in 1846 - discovered what ? Answer : The planet Neptune
Question : J D Sallenger wrote Catcher in the Rye what's the J D stand for ? Answer : Jerome David
Question : Ivan Maugher won six world titles at what sport ? Answer : Speedway
Question : Its usual diameter is 4.5 inches what is it ? Answer : Golf Hole
Question : It's now the Birmingham Royal Ballet but it used to be what ? Answer : Saddlers Wells Opera
Question : Its illegal to do what in the French vineyards ? Answer : Land a Flying Saucer
Question : It's illegal in the USA for any citizens to have contact with who ? Answer : Extraterrestrials or
Question : Its cold enough to freeze balls off a Brass Monkey - what is it ? Answer : Stack brass
Question : Its branches are Soto Renzai members ponder Koans what is it ? Answer : Zen Buddhism
Question : Itamae have what job in Japan ? Answer : Chef - In Front of
Question : Italy Schiaffetoni, Rosetti and Crusetti in Sicily what pasta type ? Answer : Cannelloni
Question : Italians often eat a whole what to cover garlicky breath ? Answer : Coffee Bean
Question : Italian painter Jacopo Robusti is better known as who ? Answer : Tintoretto
Question : It’s a flock of sheep what's a group of owls called ? Answer : Parliament
Question : It was finally abolished in Britain in 1948 - what was ? Answer : Flogging
Question : It is the English Channel but what do the French call it ? Answer : La Manche
Question : It is illegal to use what to plough cotton fields in North Carolina ? Answer : Elephants
Question : It is illegal to take picture of who in Zambia ? Answer : Pygmies
Question : It is illegal to sell what in Lehigh New England ? Answer : Doughnut Holes
Question : It is illegal to pawn what in Las Vegas ? Answer : Your Dentures
Question : It is illegal to cross the Iowa state boundaries wearing what ? Answer : Duck on your head
Question : It is estimated that at any give time 1% world’s population is what ? Answer : Drunk
Question : It is against the law to do what to the Mayor of Paris ? Answer : Stare at Him
Question : It is against the law in Albania to play what on Sundays ? Answer : Dominos
Question : It costs $30 a day in Austria to do this nude in winter - what ? Answer : Cross country skiing
Question : It came into football in 1923 men say women don’t understand? ? Answer : The offside rule
Question : Istanbul and Constantinople what else was it called ? Answer : Byzantium
Question : Issur Danielovitch became famous a who ? Answer : Kirk Douglas
Question : Issac and Willian Fuld invented and patented what in 1892 ? Answer : Oiuja Board French
Question : Israel Beer Josaphat founded what famous service in 1851 ? Answer : Reuters
Question : Israel Baline became more famous under what name ? Answer : Irving Berlin
Question : Isobella Mary Mayson born 1836 remembered as who ? Answer : Mrs Beeton
Question : Ismene and Antigone are whose daughters ? Answer : Oedipus
Question : Isaiah Sellers did it before Samuel Clements - did what ? Answer : Used Mark Twain
Question : Irrumation is what sexual practice ? Answer : Fellatio - Blowjob
Question : Iron statue of Vulcan looks down Red Mountain what US city ? Answer : Birmingham Alabama
Question : Irish Proverb - If you want to be criticized do what ? Answer : Marry
Question : Iris Somerville - killed London 1982 - Lightning struck what ? Answer : Metal Support on her
Question : Ireland and New Zealand are the only countries that lack what ? Answer : Native Snakes
Question : Ipsisism is what common sexual practice ? Answer : Masturbation
Question : Iolanda Balas - Romania - won 150 consecutive events - what ? Answer : High Jump 1956 - 67
Question : Introduced in 1964 name Barbie's sister ? Answer : Skipper
Question : Interpol was founded in 1923 in what city ? Answer : Vienna
Question : International registration letters what country is ZR ? Answer : Zaire
Question : International direct dialling codes what country has 353 ? Answer : Republic of Ireland
Question : International dialling codes what county is 20 ? Answer : Egypt
Question : International dialling codes what country is 86 ? Answer : China
Question : International dialling codes - where is 672 ? Answer : Antarctica
Question : International dialling codes - what country has 61 as code ? Answer : Australia
Question : International dialling codes - What country has 33 as its code ? Answer : France
Question : International car registration letters what country is ZA ? Answer : South Africa
Question : International car registration letters what country is RA ? Answer : Argentina
Question : International car registration letters what country is IS ? Answer : Iceland
Question : International Airline Registrations SX is what country ? Answer : Greece
Question : International Airline Registrations OO is what country ? Answer : Belgium
Question : International Airline Registrations N is what country ? Answer : America
Question : International Aircraft Registration what country is SU ? Answer : Egypt
Question : International aircraft registration letters what country is PP or PT ? Answer : Brazil
Question : Intelligents Report a quarterly magazine in US which subject ? Answer : UFO organisation
Question : Inspector Bucket appears in which Dickens novel ? Answer : Bleak House
Question : Inspecting Galvaynes Groove tells you what ? Answer : Age of horse - it’s on
Question : Insertion, Heap, Topological and Bubble types of which IT thing ? Answer : Sorting methods in
Question : Ingemar Stenmark won record 85 world cup races in what sport ? Answer : Skiing
Question : Information about what subject is recorded in Wisden ? Answer : Cricket
Question : Indoors 6 players a side outdoors numbers vary what sport ? Answer : Volleyball
Question : Indiana smoking banned in the legislature building except when ? Answer : Building is being used
Question : India has the largest Hindu population what country has second ? Answer : Nepal
Question : Inderan, Delgado, LeMond and Fignon names in what sport ? Answer : Cycling
Question : Inciticus was a horse (and Senator) owned by whom ? Answer : Caligula
Question : In Zion city Illinois its illegal to do what ? Answer : Make ugly faces at
Question : In Yuma Arizona what is the punishment for citrus fruit thieves ? Answer : Lots of Castor Oil
Question : In Yugoslavian Belgrade is called Beograd what does it mean ? Answer : White City
Question : In Yugoslavia if you asked for Pljeskavice what do you get ? Answer : Hamburger
Question : In your body where is the macula ? Answer : Eye centre of the
Question : In Youngstown Ohio it's illegal to run out of what ? Answer : Gas or petrol
Question : In you called Jl52020 or 555 2020 in film who would answer ? Answer : Ghostbusters
Question : In Yorkshire in 1872 what took 3 days to pass by ? Answer : Swarm of Ladybirds
Question : In York its legal to kill a Scotsman (not Sunday) what weapon ? Answer : Bow and Arrow
Question : In Yiddish what is your Pupik ? Answer : Belly Button
Question : In Yemen after a wedding what lasts an average 21 days ? Answer : The wedding feast
Question : In Wyoming its illegal for women to stand within 5 feet of what ? Answer : Bar when drinking
Question : In Wyoming it is illegal to wear what in a theatre ? Answer : A Hat if others can’t
Question : In Wyoming in June it is illegal to take a picture of what ? Answer : A Rabbit
Question : In WWW terms what does i.e. mean on a domain name ? Answer : Ireland
Question : In WW2 what was unique about the US 222 Infantry battalion ? Answer : All Japanese or
Question : In WW2 what was the German codename for invasion of Russia ? Answer : Barberossa
Question : In WW2 what was the British equivalent of the German E-Boat ? Answer : MTB or Motor
Question : In WW2 what was operation dynamo ? Answer : Evacuation of
Question : In WW2 what sort of weapon was a kaiten ? Answer : Japanese manned
Question : In WW2 what linked members of the Caterpillar club ? Answer : Life saved parachute
Question : In WW2 what kind of aircraft was a horsa ? Answer : A glider
Question : In WW2 what came between Sword and Gold ? Answer : Juno - D Day Beaches
Question : In WW2 the Graf Spee was forced into what harbour ? Answer : Montevideo
Question : In WW2 the Germans launched operation Bernhard - what ? Answer : Counterfeit British
Question : In WW2 in what French city did the Germans surrender ? Answer : Reims
Question : In WW2 Germans used a Schlusselmaschine E what do we call it ? Answer : Enigma coding
Question : In WW2 Air corps non flying members given what nickname ? Answer : Kiwis - Non Flying
Question : In WW1 what were Lucifer's ? Answer : Matches
Question : In WW1 what warning device was on the top of Eiffel Tower ? Answer : Parrots
Question : In Woodstock NY it's illegal to walk what without a leash ? Answer : A Bear
Question : In Wisconsin its illegal to do what during your wife's orgasm ? Answer : Fire a Gun
Question : In Wisconsin its against state law to serve apple pie without what ? Answer : Cheese
Question : In Wisconsin by law you must carry fire insurance on what ? Answer : A Jet Ski
Question : In Winston-Salem N Carolina its illegal under 7 year olds do what ? Answer : Go to College
Question : In Winnipeg there is a statue to which bear ? Answer : Winnie the Pooh
Question : In Winnie the Pooh what's the name over the door Pooh's house ? Answer : Mr Sanders
Question : In Willowdale Oregon a man cant do what while shagging wife ? Answer : Curse swearing illegal
Question : In which war was the charge of the Light Brigade ? Answer : Crimean
Question : In which USA state is Churchill Downs racetrack ? Answer : Louisville Kentucky
Question : In which US state is its highest mountain ? Answer : Alaska - Mount
Question : In which TV program did Sergeant Bosco appear ? Answer : A Team
Question : In which sport would you hear the term shilling ? Answer : Archery measure of
Question : In which sport would you hear the term Intente ? Answer : Jai Alai - Players
Question : In which sport would you hear the term cleek ? Answer : Golf it’s a wood
Question : In which sport would you hear the term bedposts ? Answer : Ten Pin Bowling a 7 -
Question : In which sport would you find the Sag Wagon ? Answer : Cycling - it picks up
Question : In which sport would you compete for the Nino Bibia cup ? Answer : Bobsleighing
Question : In which sport would they use the term straight handle ? Answer : Curling - stone sent no
Question : In which sport would they use the term crotch ball ? Answer : Handball - ball hitting
Question : In which sport is there a York round ? Answer : Archery
Question : In which sport is the Wingate trophy awarded ? Answer : Lacrosse
Question : In which sport is the Lugano trophy awarded ? Answer : Road Walking
Question : In which sport is the Lance B Todd memorial award won ? Answer : Man of the Match
Question : In which sport do you need to score five to win ? Answer : Fencing - five hits
Question : In which sport are the trainees traditionally bricklayers ? Answer : Bullfighting
Question : In which sport are left handed people banned from playing ? Answer : Polo
Question : In which religion are the holy writings called the Adi Granth ? Answer : Sikh
Question : In which play and film does Jean Valjean appear ? Answer : Le Miserables
Question : In which of Aristophanes plays do the women refuse sex ? Answer : Lysistrata
Question : In which novel would you find reference to "The Cracks of Doom" ? Answer : Lord of the Rings
Question : In which novel does the character Quebec Bagnet appear ? Answer : Bleak House
Question : In which novel did we meet Jack, Ralph and asthmatic Piggy ? Answer : Lord of the Flies
Question : In which month is the Munich beer festival held ? Answer : October
Question : In which London street is the US embassy ? Answer : Grosvener Square
Question : in which language does God Jul mean happy Xmas ? Answer : Swedish
Question : In which Irish county is Bantry Bay ? Answer : Cork
Question : In which Irish county can you kiss the Blaney stone ? Answer : Cork
Question : In which game would you use the royal fork ? Answer : Chess knight threaten
Question : In which G&S operetta is eating a sausage roll a secret sign ? Answer : The Grand Duke
Question : In which form of Japanese theatre are all roles played by men ? Answer : Kabuki
Question : In which film was the best supporting actor Oscar won in 1975 ? Answer : The Sunshine Boys
Question : In which film did Woody Allen direct Sylvester Stallone ? Answer : Bananas - 1971 -
Question : In which film did we meet Baron Numpsi as the villain ? Answer : Eddie Murphy's The
Question : In which film did the Rolls Royce have the number plate AU1 ? Answer : Goldfinger
Question : In which film did Cliff Richard sing Living Doll in 1959 ? Answer : Serious Charge
Question : In which European city is the Arch of Titus ? Answer : Rome
Question : In which European city is Charles university ? Answer : Prague
Question : In which European capitol city is a cannon fired at 1.00 pm daily ? Answer : Edinburgh
Question : In which EEC country is abortion still illegal ? Answer : Ireland
Question : In which Dickens novel does the character Fezziwig appear ? Answer : Christmas Carol -
Question : In which Dickens novel does Little Nell appear ? Answer : The Old Curiosity
Question : In which county would you find Fuqing ? Answer : A port in Taiwan
Question : In which county would you find Ars ? Answer : Norway
Question : In which country would you find the Negev desert ? Answer : Israel
Question : In which country would you find Lake Disappointment ? Answer : Australia
Question : In which country were modern banknotes first used ? Answer : Sweden
Question : In which country were antibiotics first used ? Answer : Egypt - used mouldy
Question : In which country was Chopin born ? Answer : Poland
Question : In which country was Auschwitz ? Answer : Poland
Question : In which country is Zug ? Answer : Switzerland - smallest
Question : In which country is the worlds longest road tunnel ? Answer : Switzerland
Question : In which country is the secretariat of the European Parliament ? Answer : Luxemburg
Question : In which country is the port of Frey Bentos ? Answer : Uruguay
Question : In which country is the Nokia company based ? Answer : Finland
Question : In which country is Penina golf course ? Answer : Portugal
Question : In which country is Mount Aspiring National Park ? Answer : New Zealand (South
Question : In which country do they play houlani - type of hockey ? Answer : Turkey
Question : In which country do the Sumi people live ? Answer : Lapland
Question : In which country did Turkeys originate ? Answer : USA
Question : In which country did the turnip originate ? Answer : Greece
Question : In which country did the study of geometry originate ? Answer : Egypt
Question : In which country did the first Christmas stamp appear in 1898 ? Answer : Canada
Question : In which country did draughts (checkers) originate ? Answer : Egypt
Question : In which country did a foot deodorant get elected into office ? Answer : Equator
Question : In which country could you spend a taka ? Answer : Bangladesh
Question : in which country could you spend a Kwanza ? Answer : Angola
Question : In which country are you most likely to die from a scorpion sting ? Answer : Mexico (1000 a year)
Question : In which country are the Philips company based ? Answer : Holland
Question : In which country are the most flowers bought per capita ? Answer : Netherlands
Question : In which country are condoms most commonly used ? Answer : Japan
Question : In which cop show did Petrie and Isbecki appear ? Answer : Cagney and Lacey
Question : In which city would you find The Blue Mosque ? Answer : Istanbul
Question : in which city was the first public opera house opened ? Answer : Venice
Question : In which city was the famous black hole ? Answer : Calcutta
Question : In which city was Galileo born ? Answer : Pisa
Question : In which city was Bob Hope born ? Answer : London (Eltham)
Question : In which city was Alexander Graham Bell born in 1847 ? Answer : Edinburgh
Question : In which city is the worlds oldest tennis court from 1496 ? Answer : Paris
Question : In which city is the worlds oldest museum - Ashmolian 1679 ? Answer : Oxford
Question : In which city is the worlds longest skating rink - rideau canal ? Answer : Ottawa Canada
Question : In which city is the worlds busiest MacDonald's ? Answer : Moscow
Question : In which city is the oldest Zoo in the world still in use ? Answer : London
Question : In which city is the Kentucky Derby run ? Answer : Louisville
Question : In which city is the distinctive building of the saddledome ? Answer : Calgary
Question : In which city is The Abbey theatre ? Answer : Dublin
Question : In which building do they elect a new Pope ? Answer : Sistine Chapel
Question : In which book would you find the manservant Pas Partout ? Answer : around the world in 80 days
Question : In which book of the Bible did Moses die ? Answer : Deuteronomy
Question : In which Bond novel did he first want Martinis shaken not stirred ? Answer : Diamonds are Forever
Question : In which Australian state is Tittybong ? Answer : Victoria
Question : In which American state is Wankers Corner ? Answer : Oregon
Question : In which American city can you get doctorate in hambugerology ? Answer : Hamburger College -
Question : In which 1960s kids show is The Hood the supervillian ? Answer : Thunderbirds
Question : In which 1960 film did Elvis Presley play a mixed race character ? Answer : Flaming Star
Question : In which 1956 film did Elvis Presley make his debut ? Answer : Love me Tender
Question : In what WW1 battle were tanks first used in 1916 ? Answer : Somme
Question : In what village do Tom Sawer and Huckleberry Finn live ? Answer : St Petersburg
Question : In what US state is the town of Maggie's Nipples ? Answer : Wyoming
Question : In what US state is area 51 ? Answer : Colorado
Question : In what US City is most blond hair dye sold ? Answer : Dallas Texas
Question : In what US city do they watch the most TV evangelists per cap ? Answer : Washington DC
Question : In what TV series did we see Del Floria tailors shop ? Answer : The man from
Question : In what TV series did we meet Perry Masonry ? Answer : Flintstones lawyer
Question : In what TV series did we meet Admiral Nelson ? Answer : Voyage to the bottom
Question : In what traditional entertainment does the dog Toby appear ? Answer : Punch and Judy
Question : In what town was Leonardo Da Vinci born ? Answer : Vinci
Question : In what state was the largest cavalry battle in the civil war ? Answer : Virginia Brandy
Question : In what state did the 1862 Sioux uprising start ? Answer : Minnesota
Question : In what stage show does Frank N Furter appear ? Answer : The Rocky Horror
Question : In what sport would you see a Chistera ? Answer : Pelota
Question : In what sport would you perform an Adolf ? Answer : Trampolining forward
Question : In what sport would you find the terms hack, tee and hog line ? Answer : Curling
Question : In what sport would you find a Tell Tale ? Answer : Squash - Tin strip ball
Question : In what sport would you find a Hosel ? Answer : Golf - Hole in club
Question : In what sport would you find a coffin ? Answer : Cross country riding
Question : In what sport would you find a Bagel ? Answer : Tennis - Set won 6-0
Question : In what sport might you see a stem-christie ? Answer : Skiing
Question : In what sport is the Palma Match contested ? Answer : Shooting
Question : In what sport is The Lugano Trophy awarded every 2 years ? Answer : Men's National Team
Question : In what sport is the Charles Brownlow award for fairest player ? Answer : Aussie Rules Football
Question : In what sport is a stimpmeter used ? Answer : Golf - measure greens
Question : In what sport does herringboning take place ? Answer : Skiing
Question : In what sport does a player win when they get 15 points ? Answer : Badminton
Question : In what sport do women compete for the Uber cup ? Answer : Badminton
Question : In what sport did Prince Leopold of Bavaria compete ? Answer : Motor Racing
Question : In what sport did Jeffery Archer win an Oxford Blue (USA Letter) ? Answer : Athletics
Question : In what sport are Triffus, Miller and Rudolf moves ? Answer : Trampolining
Question : In what sport are ten pieces of wood separated by a chain ? Answer : Cricket
Question : In what sport are bacon hamburgers chips prunes spuds terms ? Answer : Mountain Biking
Question : In what Shakespeare play does the character Caliban appear ? Answer : The Tempest
Question : In what series of stories did Inspector Lestrade appear ? Answer : Sherlock Holmes
Question : In what series of books did The Empress of Blandings appear ? Answer : Jeeves and Wooster
Question : In what religion are the Vedas a central part ? Answer : Hindu
Question : In what Puccini opera does Scarpia appear ? Answer : Tosca
Question : In what prison did Nelson Mandela spend 19 of 27 years in jail ? Answer : Robben Island
Question : In what play do we follow Aaron a Moor beloved of Tamora ? Answer : Titus Andronicus
Question : In what part of New York did the Great Gatsby live ? Answer : West Egg
Question : In what novel does Dr Hannibal Lecter first appear ? Answer : Red Dragon
Question : In what musical note do most toilets flush ? Answer : E Flat
Question : In what movie did Whoopee Goldberg make her debut ? Answer : The Colour Purple
Question : In what movie did Sinatra sing My Kind of Town ? Answer : Robin and the 7
Question : In what movie did Richard Drefus make his one line debut ? Answer : The Graduate
Question : In what month did the Russian October revolution take place ? Answer : November
Question : In what modern country is mount Ararat ? Answer : Turkey
Question : In what magazine does Alfred E Newman appear ? Answer : MAD
Question : In what literary work would you find the yahoos ? Answer : Gulliver's Travels
Question : In what language was the first complete bible in US printed ? Answer : Algonquin Indian
Question : In what language was The Communist Manifesto written ? Answer : German
Question : In what language did St Paul write his epistles ? Answer : Greek
Question : In what Italian town can you find the Piazza del Erbe ? Answer : Verona
Question : In what is the Shannon trophy competed for ? Answer : World Chess Trophy
Question : In what industry did John Davidson Rockefeller get rich ? Answer : Oil
Question : In what Indian city is the Taj Mahal located ? Answer : Agra
Question : In what Hitchcock film does he NOT appear ? Answer : Lifeboat
Question : In what Hitchcock film did the heroine find shrunken head in bed ? Answer : Under Capricorn
Question : In what Hitchcock film did Shirley MacLaine debut in 1956 ? Answer : The trouble with
Question : In what HG Wells novel does Dr Griffin sometimes appear ? Answer : The Invisible Man
Question : In what George Bizet opera do Zugra and Nbadir appear ? Answer : The Pearl Fishers
Question : In what game/sport terms Bobble Boom Drop Giraffe Pique Twist ? Answer : Real Tennis types of
Question : In what game/sport is the McRobinson shield played for ? Answer : Croquet
Question : In what game would you use a squidger ? Answer : Tiddlywinks - Big
Question : In what game would you use a baguette ? Answer : Boule - measuring /
Question : In what game would you see Stamen, Blackwood and Gerber ? Answer : Bridge
Question : In what game would you nurdle scrunge or carnovsky ? Answer : Tiddlywinks
Question : In what game might you use a flat stick called a kip ? Answer : Two Up
Question : In what game do countries play for the Venice cup ? Answer : Contract Bridge
Question : In what French district do most of the best clarets come from ? Answer : Medoc
Question : In what film would you find The Orgasmitron ? Answer : Woody Alan's Sleeper
Question : In what film were Aldeberan Antares Atair Rigel seen ? Answer : Ben Hur - horses on
Question : In what film was the first flushing toilet seen ? Answer : Psycho
Question : In what film was line A mans gotta do what a mans gotta do ? Answer : Alan Ladd Shane
Question : In what film did Tommy Lee Jones make his debut ? Answer : Love Story - As Hank
Question : In what film did the character Regan McNeil appear ? Answer : The Exorcist
Question : In what film did Sean Connery sing Pretty Irish Girl ? Answer : Darby O Gill and the
Question : In what film did Paul Robeson sing Old Man River ? Answer : Showboat
Question : In what film did Mary Poppins - Julie Andrews bare her nipples ? Answer : S.O.B.
Question : In what film did Elvis play a Red Indian ? Answer : Stay away Joe
Question : In what film did Bruce Willis play a time travelling criminal ? Answer : Twelve Monkeys
Question : In what film - Charlie Chaplain have his first speaking part 1940 ? Answer : The Great Dictator -
Question : In what fictional vessel are characters Starbuck Stubb Fedallah ? Answer : Pequod in Moby Dick
Question : In what famous US building would you find Broadway ? Answer : Alcatraz - main prison
Question : In what European country have most land battles been fought ? Answer : Belgium
Question : In what European country are the villages Vomitville and Fukking ? Answer : Austria
Question : In what European city was the first book in English published ? Answer : Bruges - Belgium
Question : In what Elvis film does he play a hillbilly garage hand ? Answer : Loving You
Question : In what Elvis film did he play a double role ? Answer : Kissing Cousins
Question : In what does a steganographer write messages ? Answer : Invisible ink
Question : In what Dickens novel is there a case of spontaneous combustion ? Answer : Bleak House
Question : In what Dickens novel does Alfred Jingle appear ? Answer : The Pickwick Papers
Question : In what county did the Aryan race originate ? Answer : India
Question : In what country would you dance The Sirtaki ? Answer : Greece
Question : In what country would you buy Kingfisher lager ? Answer : India
Question : In what country would you be rich in Leu ? Answer : Rumanian currency
Question : In what country were Trabant cars made ? Answer : East Germany
Question : In what country was the worlds first wildlife sanctuary set up ? Answer : Sri Lanka 3rd cent BC
Question : In what country was the paperclip invented ? Answer : Norway
Question : In what country was the longbow invented ? Answer : Wales
Question : In what country was the espresso machine invented in 1822 ? Answer : France
Question : In what country was Mother Theresa born ? Answer : Albania
Question : In what country was John McEnroe born ? Answer : Germany
Question : In what country was Greenpeace founded in 1971 ? Answer : Canada
Question : In what country was fashion designer Yves St Laurent born ? Answer : Algeria
Question : In what country was Che Guevara born ? Answer : Argentina
Question : In what country was Bonnie Prince Charlie born ? Answer : Italy
Question : In what country is Tiahuanaco ? Answer : Bolivia
Question : In what country is the worlds largest pyramid ? Answer : Mexico - Quetzalcoatl
Question : In what country is the northernmost point of Africa ? Answer : Tunisia
Question : In what country is the language Fanti spoken ? Answer : Ghana
Question : In what country is the Eucumbene Dam ? Answer : Australia New S
Question : In what country is The Duma part of parliament ? Answer : Russia
Question : In what country is the car model the Treka produced ? Answer : New Zealand
Question : In what country is Peter II of Yugoslavia buried ? Answer : America only euro
Question : In what country is Legoland ? Answer : Denmark
Question : In what country does the cow tree grow - sap looks tastes milk ? Answer : Venezuela
Question : In what country does Disney's Beauty and the Beast take place ? Answer : France
Question : In what country do they answer the phone by saying I'm listening ? Answer : Russia
Question : In what country did tulips originate ? Answer : Persia
Question : In what country did the word plonk meaning wine originate ? Answer : Australia
Question : In what country did the Sabines live ? Answer : Italy
Question : In what country did the rumba originate ? Answer : Cuba
Question : In what country did stamp collecting start ? Answer : France
Question : In what country did red onions originate ? Answer : Italy
Question : In what country did Bridge originate ? Answer : Turkey
Question : In what country did bongo drums originate ? Answer : Cuba
Question : In what country could you spend a tugrik ? Answer : Mongolia
Question : In what country are the ports Oran and Bone ? Answer : Algeria
Question : In what country are the Painted Lakes ? Answer : Indonesia
Question : In what country are the Drakesberg mountains ? Answer : South Africa
Question : In what country are Fuji Film rolls made ? Answer : Germany
Question : In what city would you find the Spanish Riding School ? Answer : Vienna
Question : In what city would you find The Jacques Cartier bridge ? Answer : Montreal
Question : In what city was the worlds first blood bank opened 1940 ? Answer : New York - Richard
Question : In what city was the first US circus April 3rd 1793 ? Answer : Philadelphia
Question : In what city was the first playboy club opened in 1960 ? Answer : Chicago
Question : In what city was Mozart born ? Answer : Saltzberg
Question : In what city was Handel's Messiah first performed ? Answer : Dublin
Question : In what city was Audry Hepburn born ? Answer : Brussels
Question : In what city was Americas first stock exchange built ? Answer : Philadelphia
Question : In what city is the worlds largest medieval cathedral ? Answer : Seville
Question : In what city is the worlds largest carpet manufacturer ? Answer : Kashmir
Question : In what city is the Uffizi art gallery ? Answer : Florence
Question : In what city is the Encyclopaedia Britanica based and published ? Answer : Chicago
Question : In what city did 8 year old Mozart compose his first symphony ? Answer : London
Question : In what city 1985 was the worlds first computer museum opened ? Answer : Boston
Question : In what case did Perry Mason make his first appearance ? Answer : The case of the Velvet
Question : In what book does Humpty Dumpty first appear ? Answer : Through the looking
Question : In what book did we meet the Eoli and the Morlocks ? Answer : The Time Machine -
Question : In what Bible book is "The love of money is the root of all evil" ? Answer : Timothy 6:10
Question : In what athletic event is it illegal to carry weights ? Answer : Long Jump
Question : In what area of Washington does the State Dept hang out ? Answer : Foggy Bottom
Question : In what area of France is champagne made ? Answer : Reims
Question : In what American state do most people walk to work ? Answer : Alaska
Question : In what American state do most fail to graduate ? Answer : Georgia
Question : In what Agatha Christi book does Poriot Die ? Answer : Curtain
Question : In what 1998 did film David Bowie play Pontius Pilot ? Answer : Last Temptation of
Question : In western palmistry the index finger is linked to which planet ? Answer : Jupiter
Question : In West Virginia Nicholas County its illegal to do what in pulpit ? Answer : Tell Jokes
Question : In West Virginia its illegal to snooze where ? Answer : On a train
Question : In West Virginia its illegal to cook what - because of smell ? Answer : Cabbage - Can go to
Question : In Welsh Cwrw pronounced koo roo is what ? Answer : Beer
Question : In Watership Down rabbit language what is a hrududu ? Answer : A motor car
Question : In Washington state it is specifically illegal to have sex with who ? Answer : Virgins
Question : In Washington its illegal to buy what on Sunday ? Answer : A Mattress
Question : In Wacky Races who drove the Turbo Terrific ? Answer : Peter Perfect
Question : In wacky races who drove the Creepy Coop ? Answer : Gruesome Twosome
Question : In wacky races who drove the converter car ? Answer : Professor Pat Pending
Question : In wacky races what were the gang of criminals called ? Answer : The Ant Hill Mob
Question : In Virginia its illegal for a man to do what to his wife ? Answer : Pat her Derrieres
Question : In Virginia its against the law for people to bribe except who ? Answer : Political Candidates
Question : In Victoria Australia by law only electricians may do what ? Answer : Change a lightbulb
Question : In Vermont it is illegal to do what under water ? Answer : Whistle
Question : In Venezuela lovers use pink what ? Answer : Envelopes - post half
Question : In Vancouver a city law says all cars must carry what ? Answer : An Anchor -
Question : In Utmost Good Faith is the motto of which organisation ? Answer : Lloyds of London
Question : In Utah you can get a licence to hunt what ? Answer : Dinosaurs
Question : In Utah where is it illegal to fish ? Answer : From Horseback
Question : In Utah in 1870s what could you get from a slot machine ? Answer : Divorce - Papers cost
Question : In USA early last century what were Comet Star Sun Moon ? Answer : Motor Car
Question : In USA by law only 2 paid services limited to one sex - what ? Answer : Sperm Doner Wet
Question : In USA 20s Mary 50s Linda 70s Michelle what most pop 90s name ? Answer : Ashley
Question : In USA / Britain give finger - What do you show in Thailand ? Answer : Sole of foot
Question : In US what sporting good outsells Base Basket and Footballs ? Answer : Frisbees sales beat all
Question : In US only 8 % of women do it - but it changes their lives - what ? Answer : Propose marriage to
Question : In US on what Day are most collect calls reverse charges made ? Answer : Fathers Day
Question : In US Emergency rooms what toy is often found in rectums ? Answer : Barbie - most
Question : In Urbana Illinois its illegal for who/what to enter the city limits ? Answer : A Monster
Question : In UK whose private house has its own court and 11 prison cells ? Answer : Lord Mayor London
Question : In UK tennis where is the Stella Artois tournament held ? Answer : Queens
Question : In UK its 10 USA its 8 Continental Europe its 38 what is ? Answer : Women's dress size
Question : In TV series The Prisoner what's the name of the giant balloon ? Answer : Rover
Question : In Tucson Arizona it is illegal for a woman to wear what ? Answer : Pants
Question : In TS Elliot's book of practical cats name the mystery cat ? Answer : Macavity
Question : In Troy measurement a pennyweight contains 24 what ? Answer : Grains
Question : In Trenton NJ its specifically illegal to throw what in street ? Answer : Bad Pickle
Question : In Tremonton Utah illegal for a woman not man what in ambulance ? Answer : Have sex
Question : In traditional wedding anniversaries what is given on the twelfth ? Answer : Silk
Question : In traditional wedding anniversaries what is given on the seventh ? Answer : Wool
Question : In traditional wedding anniversaries what is given on the eighth ? Answer : Bronze
Question : In traditional wedding anniversaries what is given on the 14th ? Answer : Ivory
Question : In traditional pantomime who is the sweetheart of Harlequin ? Answer : Columbine
Question : In traditional anniversaries what is given for the thirtieth ? Answer : Pearl
Question : In Topeka Kansas its illegal to install what in your house ? Answer : Bathtubs
Question : In Tokyo there is a restaurant restricted to who ? Answer : Dogs
Question : In their lifetime the average human grows 8 feet of what ? Answer : Nose Hair
Question : In the Wizard of Oz name the Good Witch of the North ? Answer : Glinda
Question : In the Winnie the Pooh stories what is Kanga’s baby called ? Answer : Roo
Question : In the Winnie the Pooh books what name is over Poohs door ? Answer : Mr Sanders
Question : In the wild what animal pollinates banana plants ? Answer : Bats
Question : In the Vietnam war what was the signal US to evacuate Saigon ? Answer : Bing Crosby White
Question : In the Vietnam war Comic Books was US military slang for what ? Answer : Maps
Question : In the USA where would you see a crossbuck ? Answer : X on railroad crossing
Question : In the USA what was the first prime time cartoon show ? Answer : The Flintstones
Question : In the USA what is Marine One ? Answer : Presidents Helicopter
Question : In the USA the government says its a crime to give false what ? Answer : Weather Reports
Question : In the USA on January 1 you have the greatest risk of what ? Answer : Being Murdered
Question : In the USA it’s the Oscars what is it in France ? Answer : Caesars
Question : In the USA domestic violence peaks on what day of the year ? Answer : Superbowl Sunday
Question : In the USA a police 10-31 is the code for what ? Answer : Crime in progress
Question : In the US women own 35% of what ? Answer : All businesses
Question : In the US what's the most common reason for a visit to ER ? Answer : Stomach Cramps
Question : In the US what was the first TV test symbol ? Answer : Dollar sign
Question : In the US what was free before 1863 ? Answer : Mail service
Question : In the US what links Fort McHenry with the moon ? Answer : Flag flies 24/7
Question : In the US what job has an average IQ of 104 ? Answer : Policeman
Question : In the US money is still top marital argument what is second ? Answer : What to watch on TV
Question : In the US flamingos are only outnumbered by what similar thing ? Answer : Plastic flamingos
Question : In the US civil war what were graybacks ? Answer : Body lice
Question : In the US civil war what pet did Robert E Lee have ? Answer : A Hen
Question : In the US 20,000 what are made for children each year ? Answer : TV ads 7000 cereals
Question : In the US 20% of all lightning strike deaths occur where ? Answer : Golf Course
Question : In the UK which school choir had a No 1 with a song grandma ? Answer : Saint Winifred's
Question : In the UK what was the first product advertised on TV in colour ? Answer : Birds Eye Peas
Question : In the UK today 16000 people die annually from what ? Answer : Illness caught in
Question : In the UK they are butter beans what in the USA ? Answer : Lima Beans
Question : In the UK The Elder Brethren of Trinity House manage what ? Answer : All Lighthouses
Question : In the UK the Clerk of the Closet is the Queens official what ? Answer : Chaplin
Question : In the UK sport of Kings what is significant about the number 18 ? Answer : Max letters in a
Question : In the UK marmite is a spread but what is a marmite in France ? Answer : Tall straight cook pot
Question : In the UK at least which products selling feature is a magic inch ? Answer : E A Careys Pipes
Question : In the UK 9 out of 10 people live within walking distance of what ? Answer : A Bus Stop
Question : In the UK 60% of pets have what ? Answer : Health Insurance
Question : In the UK 3% of people store what in their fridges ? Answer : Live Maggots
Question : In the twelve labours of Hercules what did he do third ? Answer : Capture Arcadian Stag
Question : In the Tom and Jerry cartoons name the other mouse ? Answer : Nibbles or Tuffy
Question : In the theatre what is behind Barn Doors ? Answer : Electricity Sockets
Question : In the theatre what do the initials FOH stand for ? Answer : Front of House
Question : In the Texas version 12 Days Xmas what is given on the 4th day ? Answer : Four Prickly Pears
Question : In the Terminator film who was the boy who would be the leader ? Answer : John Conner - mother
Question : In the Superman comics name the shrunken city in a bottle ? Answer : Kandor
Question : In the strip cartoon Dilbert name Dilbert's girlfriend ? Answer : Liz
Question : In the streets of Elko Nevada walkers are meant to wear what ? Answer : Masks
Question : In the sport of archery what are the arrows usually made from ? Answer : Aluminium tubes
Question : In the song who told Laura he loved her in 1960 ? Answer : Ricky Valance
Question : In the song who killed Cock Robin ? Answer : Sparrow
Question : In the song Waltzing Matilda - What is a Jumbuck ? Answer : Sheep
Question : In the song My Darling Clemantine how did Clemantine die ? Answer : Drowning
Question : In the Solar system there are 2 Mount Olympus's Greece and where ? Answer : Mars
Question : In the Snoopy cartoons what does Lucy offer in her booth ? Answer : Psychiatric help
Question : In the Simpsons who is the godfather of the Springfield mafia ? Answer : Don Vittorio
Question : In The Simpson's what was the name of the Barbie type doll ? Answer : Malibu Stacey
Question : In the Simpsons name the Police Chief ? Answer : Chester Wiggum
Question : In The Simpsons name the cat ? Answer : Snowball
Question : In the Simpsons name Ned Flanders wife ? Answer : Maude
Question : In the Sikh religion what is kesh ? Answer : Uncut hair or beard
Question : In the siege of Mafeking who led the defenders ? Answer : Robert Baden Powell
Question : In the Saint series of books what is Inspector Teal's full name ? Answer : Claude Eustace Teal
Question : In the rules of golf what type of bad weather can stop play ? Answer : Only Lightning
Question : In the Rocky films what was the name of Rocky's wife ? Answer : Adrian
Question : In the rhyme who married The Owl and the Pussycat ? Answer : The Turkey
Question : In the rhyme about magpies what do 5 represent ? Answer : Silver
Question : In the proverb Heaven protects children sailors and who ? Answer : Drunken men
Question : In the poem who dug cock robins grave ? Answer : Owl with his trowel
Question : In the Philippines what is lumpia ? Answer : Spring Rolls
Question : In the Phantom of the Opera how does the Phantom sign notes ? Answer : OG - Opera Ghost
Question : In the pasa doble what is the female dancer supposed to be ? Answer : A bullfighters cloak
Question : In the original Wizard of Oz what colour were the slippers ? Answer : Silver
Question : In the original trivial pursuit brown was what category ? Answer : Geography
Question : In the original Star Trek who has unrequited love for Mr Spock ? Answer : Nurse Chapel
Question : In the original Star Trek the Horta was a life form based on what ? Answer : Silicon
Question : In the original Star Trek series name Spock's mother ? Answer : Amanda
Question : In the opera Tosca what was Tosca's profession ? Answer : Opera Singer
Question : In the olden days what would you put in a large Bosom ? Answer : Clothes - it’s a chest
Question : In the Old Testament whose name means Gods with us ? Answer : Emanuel
Question : In the Old Testament who married his cousins Leah and Rachel ? Answer : Jacob
Question : In the Old Testament what is the first book of Moses ? Answer : Genesis - first 5 all
Question : In the Old Testament what book comes between Obadiah - Micah ? Answer : Jonah
Question : In the nursery rhyme what is Fridays child ? Answer : Loving and Giving
Question : In the novel Goldfinger name the boss of The Cement Mixers ? Answer : Pussy Galore
Question : In the Northern hemisphere its Jan 1st South Aug 1st what is ? Answer : Racehorse official
Question : In the next 7 days 800 Americans will be injured by what ? Answer : Their Jewellery
Question : In the New Testament publicans had what job ? Answer : Tax Collectors
Question : In The Muppet Movie who sang for Miss Piggy ? Answer : Johnny Mathis
Question : In the Muppet band Zoot plays which instrument ? Answer : Saxophone
Question : In the movie what is Shafts first name ? Answer : John
Question : In the Mohs scale of hardness what comes in at number eight ? Answer : Topaz
Question : In the Modern 1896 Olympics what was the first event decided ? Answer : Triple Jump
Question : In the middle of the land is the literal translation of where ? Answer : Mediterranean sea
Question : In the middle ages you could be fined four pence murdering who ? Answer : Travelling Musician
Question : In the Middle Ages people threw what at the Bride and Groom ? Answer : Eggs
Question : In The Marriage of Figaro - who did Figaro marry ? Answer : Sussanah
Question : In The Man with the Golden Gun name Scaramangas assistant ? Answer : Nick Nack
Question : In the man from UNCLE who were their enemies ? Answer : THRUSH
Question : In the man from UNCLE what does UNCLE stand for ? Answer : Utd. Net. Com. Law
Question : In the Little Mermaid fairy tale what happens to her ? Answer : She Dies
Question : In The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe whets the Lions name ? Answer : Assan
Question : In the language of flowers what does yellow lily mean ? Answer : Falsehood
Question : In the language of flowers what does the cucumber flower mean ? Answer : Criticism
Question : In the language of flowers what does straw mean ? Answer : Agreement
Question : In the language of flowers what does oak leaves mean ? Answer : Bravery
Question : In the language of flowers giving mint meant what ? Answer : Virtue
Question : In the language of flowers giving a mushroom meant what ? Answer : Suspicion
Question : In the Jewish religion where are shellfish and pork kosher ? Answer : Chinese Restaurants
Question : In the Jewish religion what's banned during The three weeks ? Answer : Marriage or Haircut
Question : In The Italian Job Noel Coward played what character in prison ? Answer : Mr Bridger
Question : In the international code of signals what does Oscar signify ? Answer : Man overboard
Question : In the human body where is your occiput ? Answer : Back of head
Question : In the human body what is replaced every three months ? Answer : Eyelashes
Question : In the human body what is produced by the parotid glands ? Answer : Saliva
Question : In The Hobbit what colour is Bilbo's door ? Answer : Green
Question : In the Hindu religion what is a Mandir ? Answer : Temple
Question : In the Hindu pantheon Hanuman is the King of which creatures ? Answer : Monkeys
Question : In the Harry Potter books what is Aragog ? Answer : Chief Spider
Question : In the game Tomb Raider what's Lara Crofts profession ? Answer : Archaeologist
Question : In the game of Bridge what are the first six tricks won called ? Answer : The Book
Question : In the food industry what is TVP - i.e. what's it stand for ? Answer : Textured Vegetable
Question : In the Flintstones what was Betty Rubbles maiden name ? Answer : Betty Jean McBricker
Question : In the Flintstones what order did Fred and Barney belong to ? Answer : Water Buffalos
Question : In the Flintstones in what county is Bedrock ? Answer : Cobblestone County
Question : In the Flintstones Dino was Fred's pet who was Barnie's ? Answer : Hoppy
Question : In the first voyager program who were the Maquis fighting ? Answer : The Cardassians
Question : In the film Tommy who played The Acid Queen ? Answer : Tina Turner
Question : In The film Reservoir Dogs what song was discussed at the start ? Answer : Like a Virgin -
Question : In the film Jumping Jack Flash what is Jack's code key ? Answer : B Flat
Question : In the film industry what is a flipper (used by child actors) ? Answer : False teeth
Question : In the film Gremlins what is the true name for Gizmos race ? Answer : Mogwi
Question : In the film Bambi what is Bambi's first word ? Answer : Bird
Question : In the Fantastic Four what is Mr Fantastic name ? Answer : Reed Richards
Question : In the famous song my true love sent me nine what ? Answer : Drummers drumming
Question : In The Dukes of Hazard who was the sheriff ? Answer : Roscoe P Coltrane
Question : In the Dr Dolittle stories what type of creature was Too-Too ? Answer : Owl
Question : In the Dr Dolittle stories what type of creature was Gub-Gub ? Answer : Pig
Question : In the Dr Dolittle stories what type of creature was Dab-Dab ? Answer : Duck
Question : In the Dictionary of Vulgar Tongue 1811 what is a wasp ? Answer : An infected prostitute
Question : In the creation myth on the fourth day God made what ? Answer : Sun Moon Stars
Question : In the comic strip Garfield what is the teddy bear’s name ? Answer : Pooky
Question : In the comic Fantastic Four what was Things character name ? Answer : Benjamin Grimm
Question : In the classical format there are strictly only five positions - what ? Answer : Ballet
Question : In the Christmas song your true love gave you give eight what ? Answer : Maids a Milking
Question : In the Chinese New Year what year follows Rat ? Answer : Ox
Question : In the Chinese horoscope what animal comes last alphabetically ? Answer : Tiger
Question : In the Chinese horoscope what animal comes first alphabetically ? Answer : Boar
Question : In the Chinese calendar what year follows Monkey ? Answer : Chicken
Question : In the cartoon Scooby Do what is Scrappy Do's battle cry ? Answer : Puppy Power
Question : In the Canterbury Tales why were the pilgrims travelling ? Answer : To visit Thomas a'
Question : In The Caine Mutiny Bogart played Cap Queeg who first choice ? Answer : Richard Widmark
Question : In the book Little Women what is the sisters surname ? Answer : March
Question : In the Bolshoi ballet what does the word Bolshoi mean ? Answer : Big
Question : In the body where would you find your villus ? Answer : Small Intestine
Question : In the body where would you find your diverticula ? Answer : Large Intestine
Question : In the body what do the Islets of Langerhans do ? Answer : Secrete Insulin
Question : In the body luteinizing hormone is produced by what gland ? Answer : Pituitary
Question : In the Bible who was the father of Abraham ? Answer : Terah
Question : In the Bible who was Adam and Eves youngest child ? Answer : Seth or Shet
Question : In the bible who slew a quarter of the worlds population ? Answer : Cain killing Abel
Question : In the Bible who put Daniel in the lions den ? Answer : King Darius
Question : In the Bible who did God appear to on Mount Horab ? Answer : Moses
Question : In the Bible who climbed Mount Nebo ? Answer : Moses to see
Question : In the Bible who came from Gath ? Answer : Goliath
Question : In the Bible who built the ancient city of Babylon ? Answer : Nimrod
Question : In the Bible which book follows John ? Answer : Acts of the Apostles
Question : In the Bible where was Jesus when he ascended into heaven ? Answer : Bethany
Question : In the Bible what was the sixth plague of Egypt ? Answer : Water into Blood
Question : In the Bible what was an adamant ? Answer : Diamond
Question : In the Bible what is the first mentioned colour ? Answer : Green
Question : In the Bible what in Hebrew means Place of a Skull ? Answer : Golgotha
Question : In the Bible what did David give Saul as a dowry for Michal ? Answer : 200 Foreskins from
Question : In the Bible the good Samaritan was travelling to where ? Answer : Jericho
Question : In the Bible name Isaacs wife ? Answer : Rebekah
Question : In the Bible Judah was in which province ? Answer : Palestine
Question : In the Bible John the Baptist lived on wild honey and what ? Answer : Locusts
Question : In the Bible Jesus walked on water who else did this ? Answer : St Peter - to Jesus
Question : In the Bible Jael murdered Sisera using what weapon ? Answer : Tent Peg
Question : In the Bible in what city did Jesus perform his first miracle ? Answer : Cana - John 2:1.11
Question : In the Bible from whom did David steal his wife Bathsheba ? Answer : The Hittite warrior
Question : In the Bible David played the Kinnor what is a Kinnor ? Answer : Lyre
Question : In the Bible Cain built a city named after his son what ? Answer : Enoch
Question : In the bible - Leviticus - what was lapidation ? Answer : Death by stoning
Question : In The Beverly Hillbillies what was the name of Ellie's Chimp ? Answer : Cousin Bessie
Question : In the Beverly Hillbillies what did Jethro get Jed for his birthday ? Answer : Electric Pencil
Question : In the Beverley Hillbillies what was a potpasser ? Answer : Pool Cue at fancy
Question : In the Beatles White Album who was Martha my Dear ? Answer : Paul McCartney's
Question : In the Batman comics what is the full real identity of the Riddler ? Answer : Edward Enigma E
Question : In the Balanta tribe women stayed married until what happened ? Answer : Wedding dress wore
Question : In the Archie comics what is Jughead's first name ? Answer : Forsyth
Question : In The Arabian Nights what was Ali Babas job ? Answer : Woodcutter
Question : In the animal kingdom what creatures are in the order Chiroptera ? Answer : Bats
Question : In The African Queen what was the name of the steam launch ? Answer : The African Queen
Question : In the A Team name Murdoch’s invisible dog ? Answer : Billy
Question : In the 70s who played The Bionic Woman ? Answer : Lindsey Wagner
Question : In the 70s The Bahamas gained independence from who ? Answer : Great Britain
Question : In the 60s a Yellow Golliwog worn by a girl symbolised what ? Answer : Proud of non virginity
Question : In the 19th century what was known as inheritance powder ? Answer : Arsenic - as poison
Question : In the 1976 Olympics who were the Yellow Bananas ? Answer : Officials (cos of
Question : In the 1950s which film star was paid $5000 a week ? Answer : Lassie
Question : In the 1944 film National Velvet name Elizabeth Taylor's horse ? Answer : Pie
Question : In the 1920s what was a Chicago Overcoat ? Answer : A coffin
Question : In the 1920s Dr Ida Rolf developed Rolfing as what alt therapy ? Answer : Deep Massage
Question : In the 1920s cars built in Bennington had what safety device ? Answer : A Saint Christopher
Question : In the 18th century what would a pencil be ? Answer : Brush
Question : In the 18th century what job did a fart-catcher do ? Answer : A footman - walk
Question : In the 18th century Siberia used solid blocks of what as money ? Answer : Tea
Question : In the 18th century offensive what were whipped ? Answer : Books
Question : In the 13th century European children were baptised with what ? Answer : Beer
Question : In Thailand its illegal to step on what ? Answer : Nation's Currency
Question : In Texas its illegal to swear in front of what ? Answer : A Corpse
Question : In Texas its illegal to shoot a buffalo from where ? Answer : Hotel second story
Question : In Texas its illegal to put graffiti on your neighbours what ? Answer : Cow
Question : In Texas it's illegal for what profession to be communists ? Answer : Pharmacists
Question : In Texas it is illegal to have oral sex with what ? Answer : A Chicken
Question : In Texas by law criminals must give their victims what ? Answer : 24 hours advance
Question : In Texarkana it’s illegal to ride a horse at night without what ? Answer : Tail Lights
Question : In terms of hair what does FSH stand for ? Answer : Follicle Stimulating
Question : In Tennis where is the Australian Open played ? Answer : Flinders Park
Question : In Tennessee it is illegal to sell what on a Sunday ? Answer : Bologna
Question : In Tennessee it is illegal to drive if you are what ? Answer : Asleep
Question : In Tennessee age of consent is at 16 unless the girl is what ? Answer : A Virgin then its 12?
Question : In Tejo a S American game players throw stones at buried what ? Answer : Gunpowder - try to
Question : In Tarka the Otter what was Old Nog ? Answer : A Heron
Question : In Tampa Bay Florida its illegal who who/what to leave ships ? Answer : Rats
Question : In Switzerland what device is illegal on Sundays ? Answer : Lawnmower
Question : In Switzerland it is illegal to do what in an apartment after 10pm ? Answer : Flush Toilet
Question : In superstition if you marry on Saturday you will have what ? Answer : No luck at all
Question : In Superman what was the original name of The Daily Planet ? Answer : The Daily Star
Question : In Strongville Ohio what book is banned by law ? Answer : Catch 22
Question : In Star Wars what is the Emperors last name ? Answer : Palpatine
Question : In Star Wars George Lucas modelled the Emperor on who ? Answer : Richard Nixon
Question : In Star Trek who would go to Sha Ka Ree ? Answer : Vulcans it’s heaven
Question : In Star Trek who rules the Ferengi ? Answer : Grand Nagus
Question : In Star Trek what is the name of Spock's father ? Answer : Sarek
Question : In Star Trek what is Chekov's first name ? Answer : Pavel
Question : In Star Trek Voyager what is the shuttlecrafts name ? Answer : The Delta Flyer
Question : In Star Trek the Ferengi 10th rule of Acquisition what is eternal ? Answer : Greed
Question : In Star Trek Generation who was the chief of security killed off ? Answer : Tasha Yar
Question : In Star Trek Generation what does Captain Picard drink ? Answer : Earl Grey Hot
Question : In Star Trek Deep Space Nine which character had a simbiant ? Answer : Jadzea Dax
Question : In Star Fleet Will Riker plays which musical instrument ? Answer : Trombone
Question : In standard cine film how many frames are shown each second ? Answer : Twenty four
Question : In St Louis Missouri its illegal for a fireman to rescue who ? Answer : Undressed women full
Question : In St Croix Wisconsin its illegal for women to wear what publicly ? Answer : Anything Red
Question : In squash what colour dot indicates the slowest ball used ? Answer : Yellow
Question : In sporting terms loose on left Tight on the right who is in centre ? Answer : Hooker in Rugby
Question : In sport what stands four feet by six feet ? Answer : An Ice Hockey Net
Question : In sport what is exactly 5 foot 8 inches off he ground ? Answer : Bullseye on Dartboard
Question : In Spain what is manchego ? Answer : Sheep's cheese
Question : In Spain what are Paradors ? Answer : State owned tourist
Question : In Spain St John Bosco is the Patron Saint of what ? Answer : Cinema
Question : In South Korea traffic police must report what ? Answer : Tourists bribes taken
Question : In South Dakota its illegal to show movies that picture what ? Answer : Police getting beaten
Question : In South Dakota it's illegal to fall down and sleep where ? Answer : Cheese Factory
Question : In South Carolina what's barred Fountain Inn without wear pants ? Answer : Horses
Question : In song who is the man who made Eastwood such a star ? Answer : The fall guy -
Question : In some religions mistletoe represents God's what ? Answer : Testicles - balls to you
Question : In some parts of China what is the Long Nosed General ? Answer : Pigs - unlucky to
Question : In some areas of Paris what is provided for dogs ? Answer : Private flush toilets
Question : In Somalia its illegal to carry old chewing gum where ? Answer : Stuck on your nose
Question : In Slovenian if you heard Na Mesta Pozor Zdaj what sport ? Answer : Athletics - Marks set
Question : In Sioux language the Paha-sapa is what place ? Answer : Black Hills - Dakota
Question : In Singapore you can be publicly caned for failing to do what ? Answer : Flush Toilet after use
Question : In Singapore you can be fined 10% of income for not doing what ? Answer : Flushing public toilet
Question : In Shakespeare's Merchant of Venice name Shylocks wife ? Answer : Leah
Question : In Shakespeare's Hamlet what herb is said to be for remembrance ? Answer : Rosemary
Question : In Shakespeare who is Romeos love - before Juliet ? Answer : Rosaline
Question : In Shakespeare what is Richard III title before he becomes king ? Answer : Duke of Gloucester
Question : In Shakespeare King Lear was king of where ? Answer : Britain
Question : In Shakespeare Hamlet who is Ophelia's brother ? Answer : Laertes
Question : In SF California by law what is guaranteed to the masses ? Answer : Sunshine
Question : In sexual terms what is a mastix ? Answer : Female Sadist
Question : In Sesame street name the two headed friendly monster ? Answer : Frank and Stein
Question : In Sesame street name the detective who often said egad ? Answer : Sherlock Hemlock
Question : In Seattle women can get six months for doing what to men ? Answer : Sit on lap bus/train
Question : In scrabble what two letters are worth ten points ? Answer : QZ
Question : In Scottish Gaelic what is a clarsach ? Answer : A Harp
Question : In Scotland what was the tawse ? Answer : Teachers Strap or belt
Question : In Scotland its illegal to be drunk in possession of what ? Answer : A Cow
Question : In science it can be up down strange top or bottom what can ? Answer : Quark
Question : In Schulter Oklahoma nude women cannot do what ? Answer : Gamble
Question : In Schulter Okalahoma illegal for towel wearing women do what ? Answer : Gamble
Question : In Scandinavian mythology what is the day of final doom called ? Answer : Ragnerok
Question : In Scandinavian mythology what bridge linked heaven and Earth ? Answer : Bifrost
Question : In Saudi Arabia by law women may not become what ? Answer : A Doctor
Question : In Saskatchewan it is illegal to watch what if drinking booze ? Answer : Strippers - Exotic
Question : In Sanskrit it means House of Snow - what does ? Answer : Himalayas
Question : In San Jose California where is it illegal to sleep without permit ? Answer : Neighbour's Outhouse
Question : In Salt lake city it is illegal to carry an unwrapped what in street ? Answer : Ukulele
Question : In Salem Oregon its illegal for women to do what ? Answer : Wrestle
Question : In sailing ship days who often acted as the ships doctor ? Answer : Cook
Question : In Russia the national product is called Soldatsky what is it ? Answer : Bread
Question : In Russia by law the homeless must be where after 10pm ? Answer : At Home
Question : In Rosemead California its illegal to eat what with a fork in public ? Answer : Ice Cream
Question : In Romeo and Juliet what day is Juliet's Birthday ? Answer : 31st June
Question : In Roman times what were Falerian Setine Alban Sorrentine ? Answer : Wine Regions
Question : In Roman mythology Faunus was the god of what ? Answer : Prophecy
Question : In RKO movies what does RKO stand for ? Answer : Radio Keith Orphium
Question : In Riverside Cal its illegal to kiss unless both wipe lips with what ? Answer : Rose Water
Question : In Ren and Stimpy what sort of dog is Ren ? Answer : Chiuhauha
Question : In religious art, which Saint is associated with an ox ? Answer : Saint Luke
Question : In Red Dwarf what did the H stand for on Rimmers head ? Answer : Hologram
Question : In Rebel Without a Cause name the High School ? Answer : Dawson
Question : In Raton New Mexico its illegal for a woman to ride wearing what ? Answer : A Kimono
Question : In Quitman Georgia its illegal for a chicken to do what ? Answer : Cross the Road
Question : In Queensland Australia pubs must still have what ? Answer : Hitching rail for
Question : In Pueblo Colorado its illegal for what to grow in city limits ? Answer : A Dandelion
Question : In publishing what is the verso ? Answer : Left page - Recto right
Question : In Providence Rhode Island its illegal to buy what on a Sunday ? Answer : Toothbrush
Question : In proportion which animal has the largest eye ? Answer : Cat
Question : In Prokoviev's Peter and the Wolf what instrument is the wolf ? Answer : Horn
Question : In Portugal if you bought sem chumbo what is it ? Answer : Unleaded Petrol
Question : In Portsmouth Ohio who does the law rank with vagrants thieves ? Answer : Baseball Players
Question : In Portrait Gallery there's a picture of Livingstone sitting on what ? Answer : A Rhinoceros
Question : In Portland Maine it is illegal to put what under a girls chin ? Answer : Feather Duster
Question : In Portacello Idaho concealed weapons are illegal unless what ? Answer : They are openly
Question : In Poland if you asked for a piwo what would you get ? Answer : A Beer
Question : In Phoenix Arizona you cant walk through a hotel wearing what ? Answer : Spurs
Question : In Peter Pan what were the names of Wendy's brothers ? Answer : Michael John
Question : In Peter and the Wolf what instrument represents the duck ? Answer : The Oboe
Question : In Peter and the Wolf what instrument represents the cat ? Answer : The Clarinet
Question : In Penny Lane what is the nurse selling from a tray ? Answer : Poppies
Question : In Pennsylvania legally a man needs written permit from wife do what ? Answer : Purchase Alcohol
Question : In Pennsylvania it is illegal to sell fireworks to who ? Answer : Pennsylvania
Question : In parts of Siberia wives threw what at men to show wanted sex ? Answer : Worms or slugs
Question : In Paris what has been defined as a deadly weapon ? Answer : Ashtray
Question : In Paris what are FD Roosevelt Stalingrad Louis Blanc ? Answer : Metro Stations
Question : In Paris there are two islands - Ile de la Cite and what ? Answer : Ile St-Louise
Question : In Palding Ohio police officers can legally do what to dogs ? Answer : Bite them to quiet
Question : In Pac Man eating what was worth 5000 points ? Answer : Banana
Question : In Oxford university what can you not take into the library by rule ? Answer : Sheep
Question : In Oxford Ohio its illegal for a woman to disrobe where ? Answer : Before a mans picture
Question : In Oregon it is illegal to wear what on clothing in public ? Answer : The Number 69
Question : In Only Fools and Horses what is Rodney's middle name ? Answer : Charlton
Question : In Omaha Parents can be arrested if child does what in church ? Answer : Burps
Question : In Omaha Nebraska its illegal for a barber to shave what ? Answer : A mans chest
Question : In Old English what kind of person often had a 'shite' ? Answer : Gossip - phrase Chit
Question : In Old English what is a frieosan ? Answer : A Sneeze
Question : In old English what is a Bellibone - From French Belle Bonne ? Answer : Fair Maiden
Question : In Old England what would you do with your titties ? Answer : Its an old word for
Question : In Oklahoma it is illegal to wear what in bed ? Answer : Your Boots
Question : In Oklahoma it is illegal to bite some else's what ? Answer : Hamburger
Question : In Oklahoma by law baseball teams cannot do what ? Answer : Hit ball over fence out
Question : In Okalahoma City its illegal for a prisoner to wear what ? Answer : Pink Bikini
Question : In Ohio by law pets have to carry what ? Answer : Lights on tails at night
Question : In Odessa Texas Star of David and Peace symbol are what ? Answer : Banned satanic
Question : In Oct 1992 Bernard Lavery of Wales grew an 18lb 3oz what ? Answer : Brussels Sprout
Question : In Norway what is a brisling ? Answer : A Sprat
Question : In Norway 1980 man fined for being drunk in charge of what ? Answer : Mobile vacuum
Question : In North Dakota it is illegal to sleep with what on ? Answer : Your Shoes
Question : In North Dakota if you are in a covered wagon you can do what ? Answer : Shoot mounted
Question : In North Carolina its against the law for who / what to fight ? Answer : Cats and Dogs
Question : In North Carolina it is illegal for what to race down the street ? Answer : Rabbits
Question : In North Carolina $50 fine for having what furniture on front porch ? Answer : Upholstered
Question : In North Africa a mouflon is a wild what ? Answer : Sheep
Question : In Norse mythology women were made from a tree - which tree ? Answer : Elm
Question : In Norse mythology who was Odin's wife ? Answer : Frigga
Question : In Norse mythology what was Audulma - wet nurse of giants ? Answer : Cow
Question : In Norse mythology what is the name of the ultimate battle ? Answer : Ragnarok
Question : In Norse mythology Tyr is the god of what ? Answer : War
Question : In Norse mythology Thor's chariot is pulled by two what ? Answer : Goats name
Question : In Norse mythology Odin traded an eye for what ? Answer : Wisdom
Question : In Nicholas Nickleby name the headmaster of Dotheboys Hall ? Answer : Wackford Squeers
Question : In Newport Rhode Island its illegal to do what after dark ? Answer : Smoke a pipe
Question : In Newark its illegal to sell what after 6pm unless Drs note shown ? Answer : Ice Cream
Question : In New Zealand what is morepork ? Answer : A Bird - call sounds
Question : In New Zealand what is a Punga ? Answer : A Fern
Question : In New York where is it illegal to talk to a stranger ? Answer : An Elevator
Question : In New York its illegal to teach your parrot to do what ? Answer : Squawk
Question : In New York it is illegal to shoot what from a moving trolley car ? Answer : Rabbits
Question : In New York by law the death penalty is required for what act ? Answer : Jumping off a
Question : In New Jersey what is it illegal for a man to do fishing season ? Answer : Knit
Question : In New Jersey what can't be sold on a Sunday ? Answer : Cabbage
Question : In New Jersey it is illegal to frown at who ? Answer : Police Officers
Question : In New Jersey 1879 stopping a constable doing what $25 fine ? Answer : Catching a runaway
Question : In Nevada it is illegal to drive what on the highway ? Answer : A Camel
Question : In nautical terms what five letter word means duty at the helm ? Answer : Trick
Question : In Natoma Kansas illegal to throw knives at people wearing what ? Answer : Stripped Shirts
Question : In Natchez Missouri it is illegal to provide beer to what ? Answer : An Elephant
Question : In mythology who slew the nine headed hydra ? Answer : Hercules
Question : In mythology who rode an eight legged horse called Sleipner ? Answer : Odin
Question : In mythology who married the beautiful maid Galatea ? Answer : King Pygmalion
Question : In mythology who are sometimes called the dioscuri ? Answer : Castor Pollux Zeus
Question : In mythology which giant made of brass guarded Crete ? Answer : Talus
Question : In mythology what is the offspring of a God and mortal called ? Answer : Hero
Question : In mythology Romulus Remus suckled by a shewolf fed by what ? Answer : Woodpecker
Question : In mythology Odysseus blinded which Cyclops ? Answer : Polyphemus
Question : In musical notation there are five lines in a what ? Answer : Stave
Question : In music who decided that an octave should have eight notes ? Answer : Pythagoras
Question : In music what is meant by pianissimo ? Answer : Very softly
Question : In music if F major is the key what is the relative minor ? Answer : D minor
Question : In Morse code what letter is represented by .- Dot Dash ? Answer : Letter A
Question : In Morse code one dash four dots what number ? Answer : Six
Question : In Morrisville Pennsylvania women need permit to wear what ? Answer : Cosmetics
Question : In Morrisville Penn a woman must have a permit to do what ? Answer : Wear Cosmetics
Question : In Mork and Mindy what was the capitol of Ork ? Answer : Kork
Question : In Monty Pythons Flying Circus Dinsdale was a giant what ? Answer : Hedgehog
Question : In Montreal you cannot park a car blocking what ? Answer : Your own driveway
Question : In Montana it is a felony for a wife to open her husbands what ? Answer : Mail
Question : In Missouri it's illegal for anyone to do what on Sunday ? Answer : Play Hopscotch
Question : In Missouri a man must have a permit to do what ? Answer : Shave
Question : In Mississippi it is still legal to kill who ? Answer : Ones Servant
Question : In Minnesota woman can get 30 days for impersonating who ? Answer : Santa Claus
Question : In Minnesota what pleasurable activity is totally illegal ? Answer : Oral Sex
Question : In Minnesota its illegal for a woman dressed as what on street ? Answer : Santa Clause
Question : In Minnesota it is illegal to wear what in bed ? Answer : Nothing ie be naked
Question : In Minnesota it is illegal to tease what animal ? Answer : Skunk
Question : In Minneapolis what is the maximum penalty for double parking ? Answer : The Chain Gang
Question : In Milton's Paradise Lost what was the lowest point of Hell ? Answer : Pandemonium (Hells
Question : In military terms what is a SLR ? Answer : Self Loading Rifle
Question : In Milan citizens can be fined $100 if they don’t always do what ? Answer : Smile - Not Hospital
Question : In Michigan married couples can be imprisoned unless they what ? Answer : Live Together
Question : In Michigan it is illegal to put what on your bosses desk ? Answer : A Skunk
Question : In Michigan it is illegal to chain what to a fire hydrant ? Answer : An Alligator
Question : In Michigan illegal woman do what without husband permission ? Answer : Cut her hair
Question : In Miami it is illegal for men to be seen in public wearing what ? Answer : Any strapless gown
Question : In Mexico it is illegal for the police to sell what ? Answer : Their Guns
Question : In Mesquite Texas its illegal for children to have what ? Answer : Unusual Haircuts
Question : In Merryville Missouri woman cannot by law wear what ? Answer : Corsets - men have
Question : In Memphis Tennessee beggars must have what before begging ? Answer : A $10 begging licence
Question : In medieval times what was a mangonel used for ? Answer : It was a siege catapult
Question : In medieval France a persons rank was shown by the length of ? ? Answer : Shoe points
Question : In Medieval China children up to 7 years old would do what ? Answer : Breastfeed
Question : In medicine what is nicknamed a blue pipe ? Answer : A Vein
Question : In medicine what is an Anomaloscope used for ? Answer : Test for colour
Question : In Massachusetts what's illegal unless bedroom window locked ? Answer : Snoring
Question : In Massachusetts it's illegal to wear what without a licence ? Answer : Goatee
Question : In Massachusetts its illegal to put what in clam chowder ? Answer : Tomatoes
Question : In Massachusetts its illegal to have what in the bathroom ? Answer : A lightswitch
Question : In Massachusetts it is illegal to duel with what ? Answer : Water Pistols
Question : In Massachusetts it is illegal to deliver what on Sundays ? Answer : Diapers - Nappies
Question : In Massachusetts by law bars cannot offer what ? Answer : Happy hours
Question : In MASH who planted the vegetable garden ? Answer : Father Mulcahy
Question : In MASH what was the character Radars full name ? Answer : Walter O'Reilly
Question : In MASH what is Radars favourite drink ? Answer : Grape Knee High
Question : In MASH name Radars pet mouse ? Answer : Daisy
Question : In Maryland its illegal to frighten who or what ? Answer : A Pigeon
Question : In Maryland it's illegal play what Randy Newman song on radio ? Answer : Short People
Question : In Maryland it is illegal to take what to the movies ? Answer : A Lion
Question : In Maryland it is illegal to maltreat which creature ? Answer : Oyster
Question : In Malibu California its illegal to do what in a theatre ? Answer : Laugh out loud
Question : In Maine it is illegal to bite your own what ? Answer : Landlord
Question : In Main what is it illegal to step out of ? Answer : Flying Plane
Question : In Madagascar its illegal for pregnant women to do what ? Answer : Wear Hats or Eat eels
Question : In MacDonald's what is served in a blue wrapper ? Answer : Filet-O-Fish
Question : In Macbeth what witch speaks first ? Answer : The first witch
Question : In Lynch Heights Delaware its illegal to do what in an airplane ? Answer : Sneeze
Question : In Louisiana what personal act is illegal in public ? Answer : Gargling
Question : In Louisiana by law who can't be charged more than 25c haircut ? Answer : Bald Men
Question : In Los Angeles its illegal to do what on the witness stand ? Answer : Cry
Question : In Long Beach California where is specifically illegal to curse ? Answer : Miniature Golf Course
Question : In London what links Lambeth, St James and Westminster ? Answer : All Palaces
Question : In London what are The Cavalry, Marlborough and Savile ? Answer : Private Members
Question : In London in 1985 a man was convicted of stealing two what ? Answer : Crime Prevention
Question : In London 1915 what became illegal subject to £100 fine ? Answer : Buying a round of
Question : In Little Rock Arkansas men/women can get 30 days jail what ? Answer : Public Flirting
Question : In literature who taught at the Marcia Blain school for Girls ? Answer : Miss Jean Brodie
Question : In literature who married Mary Morstan ? Answer : Dr John Watson
Question : In literature who lived at 7 Savile Row ? Answer : Phileas Fogg
Question : In literature who is the alter ego of Percy Blakney ? Answer : Scarlet Pimpernel
Question : In literature and films whose father was the Earl of Dorincourt ? Answer : Little Lord Fauntleroy
Question : In liquid measure a pipe is made up of two what ? Answer : Hogsheads
Question : In Life of Brian what name does Stan want to be known as now ? Answer : Loretta
Question : In legend who killed the mobster Grendel ? Answer : Beowulf
Question : In legend what did Cleopatra have her mattress stuffed with ? Answer : Fresh rose petals
Question : In Lebanon Virginia its illegal to do what to your wife ? Answer : Kick her out of bed
Question : In Lebanon it is legal to have sex with who / what ? Answer : Female animals -
Question : In Lawrence Kansas its illegal to carry what in your hat ? Answer : Bees
Question : In law what is a co-parcener ? Answer : Joint Heir
Question : In Latin mala means bad it's also a favourite Roman food what ? Answer : Apple
Question : In Las Vegas which gambling thing generates the most profit ? Answer : Slot Machines
Question : In Lang Kansas illegal ride a donkey in public unless it has what ? Answer : A Straw hat on
Question : In LA by law you can't hunt what at night in streetlight ? Answer : Moths
Question : In Korea which animal is the symbol of long life ? Answer : The deer
Question : In Korea what is ssirum ? Answer : Sumo Wrestling
Question : In Knoxville Tennessee it is illegal to lasso what ? Answer : Fish
Question : In Kiplings poem Gunga Din what job had Gunga Din ? Answer : Water Carrier
Question : In Kiplings Jungle Book Mang was what type of creature ? Answer : Bat
Question : In Kiplings Jungle Book Ikki was what type of creature ? Answer : Porcupine
Question : In Kiplings How the Leopard got its Spots name the Leopard ? Answer : Best Beloved
Question : In Kingsville Texas its illegal for who/what to shag on airport land ? Answer : Pigs
Question : In Key West Florida what are barred from racing in city limits ? Answer : Turtles
Question : In Kentucky people wearing what on streets get police protection ? Answer : Bathing Suits
Question : In Kentucky a man cannot purchase what without his wife ? Answer : A Hat
Question : In Kansas what can a waiter not do in a teacup (legally) ? Answer : Serve wine
Question : In Kansas the law prohibits shooting rabbits from where ? Answer : A Motorboat
Question : In Kansas its illegal to eat what on Sunday ? Answer : Snakes
Question : In Kansas its illegal to eat cherry pie with what ? Answer : Ice Cream
Question : In Kansas City its illegal to what with more than 12 potatoes ? Answer : Juggle with them
Question : In Kansas City its illegal for children to buy what ? Answer : Cap Guns - but
Question : In Kansas by law you cannot drive what down the street ? Answer : Buffalo
Question : In June 1906 where was the worlds first grand prix held ? Answer : Le Mans in France
Question : In Judo if the referee calls Sono-mama what does it mean ? Answer : Players must freeze in
Question : In Judaism there are 3 cardinal sins Idolatry, Adultery and what ? Answer : Murder
Question : In Jones Chapel Alabama illegal guy take gal where till 4th date ? Answer : Horseback Riding
Question : In Japan what would you find in a Heya ? Answer : Sumo wrestlers
Question : In Japan what is Yomiyuri Shimbun ? Answer : Newspaper - worlds
Question : In Japan what is Shogi ? Answer : Japanese Chess
Question : In Japan what is Seppuku ? Answer : hari kari
Question : In Japan what is Raku ? Answer : Biscuit fired Pottery
Question : In Japan what is Jigali ? Answer : Female Suicide
Question : In Japan what is jigai ? Answer : Female suicide
Question : In Japan what is an obi ? Answer : A wide Sash worn like
Question : In Japan what is a Kissaten ? Answer : Coffee Shop
Question : In Japan what colour car is reserved for the royal family only ? Answer : Maroon
Question : In Japan Trade Unions collect dues from what unusual source ? Answer : Robots in factories
Question : In Japan they sell a last climax - what is it ? Answer : Brand of tissues
Question : In Japan a trainee geisha must leave what uncovered ? Answer : Upper lip unpainted
Question : In James Bonds books what was Dr No's first name ? Answer : Julius
Question : In Italy where are Monterosa Ave Park of Victory Constantine Ave ? Answer : On a Monopoly board
Question : In Italy what is Provolone ? Answer : Smoked hard cheese
Question : In Italy what is a "Zuppa Inglese" ? Answer : Desert
Question : In Italy their I Puffi, In Hungary Torpok, Samafu in Japan - what ? Answer : Smurfs
Question : In Italy a man can be arrested if found wearing what ? Answer : A Skirt
Question : In Italian translation who is Mr Kiss Kiss Bang Bang ? Answer : James Bond
Question : In Italian pasta cusine what does al dente literally mean ? Answer : To the teeth
Question : In Israel what unexpected item is certified Kosher ? Answer : Postage Stamps
Question : In Israel on Saturday its illegal to do what ? Answer : Pick Your Nose
Question : In Islington in London it’s a £50 fine for sleeping where ? Answer : The Public Library
Question : In Islamic law after having sex with a lamb mortal sin to do what ? Answer : Eat its flesh
Question : In Islam what is the third piller of wisdom - there's 5 in total ? Answer : Charity - 2.5 % of
Question : In Islam what is the fourth piller of wisdom - there's 5 in total ? Answer : Fasting in Ramadan
Question : In Ireland what is a Gombeen Man ? Answer : Moneylender
Question : In Iowa state laws prohibits charging admission to see what ? Answer : One armed piano
Question : In Iowa pouring what down a pub drain with cop there is illegal ? Answer : Water it becomes an
Question : In Iowa 1978 Judge dismissed drink driving charge - why ? Answer : Too Drunk to sample
Question : In Indiana what is illegal in winter ? Answer : Bathing
Question : In Indiana it's illegal for liquor stores to sell what ? Answer : Cold milk/soft drinks
Question : In Indian cookery what dish literally translates as Red Juice ? Answer : Rogan Josh
Question : In India what is a khidmutgar ? Answer : A Waiter
Question : In India in 1994 who were finally allowed to vote ? Answer : Eunuchs
Question : In Illinois you can get three years for eavesdropping on who ? Answer : Your conversation
Question : In Idaho you cant give a citizen something more than 50lb - what ? Answer : Gift of candy
Question : In I love Lucy what was Lucy Ricardo's maiden name ? Answer : McGillicuddy
Question : In Huston Texas they do it most 4.6 times per week - what ? Answer : Eat Out
Question : In Huston its illegal to sell what on Sunday ? Answer : Limburger Cheese
Question : In Hood river Oregon what do you need a licence to do ? Answer : Juggle
Question : In Holland what would you do with bare buttocks in the grass ? Answer : Eat them mix of string
Question : In Holland it used to take four years to train as what ? Answer : Hat maker - surgeon
Question : In Hitchcock's film The Trouble with Harry - what was the trouble ? Answer : He was dead
Question : In his will who left his wife his second best bed ? Answer : William Shakespeare
Question : In his profession who's entitled to wear the "traje de luces" ? Answer : Bullfighter
Question : In Hindu philosophy what does Yoga literally mean ? Answer : Union
Question : In Hindu mythology Meru is equal to what Greek site ? Answer : Olympus
Question : In Hindu mythology Agni is the god of what ? Answer : Fire
Question : In Hindu Castes Brahmins were priests what were Varsyas ? Answer : Farmers
Question : In Hill Street Blues which character used to bite people ? Answer : Animal - Mick
Question : In Heraldry what symbol is a lymphad ? Answer : Ship with oars
Question : In heraldry what shape is a pile ? Answer : Inverted Pyramid
Question : In heraldry what is a vertical line dividing a shield called ? Answer : Pale
Question : In Heraldry what is a mullet ? Answer : A Star
Question : In heraldry what is a horizontal line dividing a shield called ? Answer : Fess
Question : In Heraldry what is a canton ? Answer : A Corner
Question : In Heraldry there are 60 varieties of what ? Answer : Cross
Question : In Heraldry if things are accosted what position are they in ? Answer : Side by Side
Question : In heraldry if an animal is passant what is it doing ? Answer : Walking
Question : In heraldry gules are what colour ? Answer : Red
Question : In heraldry animals addorsed are in what position ? Answer : Back to Back
Question : In heraldry an animal reguardant is doing what ? Answer : Looking backwards
Question : In heraldry a lybbard is a lion panther cross symbolising what ? Answer : Wildness
Question : In Helsinki Finland what's the police alternative to parking tickets ? Answer : Deflate cars tyres
Question : In Hebrew what does Am rotze min mean (ah-knee ro-tsay) ? Answer : I want sex
Question : In Hazledon Pen a lecturer can't legally do what while working ? Answer : Sip Carbonated
Question : In Hawaii what is the annual Kona festival ? Answer : Coffee picking contest
Question : In Hartford Connecticut its illegal to do what to wife on Sunday ? Answer : Kiss her
Question : In Hartford Connecticut it is illegal to educate what ? Answer : Your dog
Question : In Happy Days what was Potsies full name ? Answer : Warren Webber
Question : In Happy Days name Fonzies dog ? Answer : Spunky
Question : In Hamlet who is Ophelia's father ? Answer : Polonius
Question : In Halstead Kansas doing what is illegal at the airport ? Answer : Walking and loud
Question : In Haifa Israel its illegal to take what to the beach ? Answer : A Bear
Question : In Gustav Holsts Planets suite which planet represents old age ? Answer : Saturn
Question : In Gustav Holsts planets suite which planet is the magician ? Answer : Uranus
Question : In Gustav Holsts Planets suite what planet is missing ? Answer : Pluto not known then
Question : In Gulliver's Travels name the flying island ? Answer : Laputa
Question : In Guernee Illinois women over 200lb are banned from what ? Answer : Riding Horses
Question : In Guelph Ontario a by-law makes what illegal in the city ? Answer : Peeing A no Pee zone
Question : In Greek what does the word climax mean ? Answer : Ladder
Question : In Greek what does Eunuch literally translate as ? Answer : Bed Watcher
Question : In Greek what (bad for your diet item) translates into solid bile ? Answer : Cholesterol
Question : In Greek mythology who were the guardian spirits of the sea ? Answer : Neriads
Question : In Greek mythology who was the son of Hypnos God of sleep ? Answer : Morphious - God of
Question : In Greek mythology who was the Goddess of Chastity ? Answer : Artemis - sister
Question : In Greek mythology who was the first woman ? Answer : Pandora
Question : In Greek mythology who was Queen of the underworld ? Answer : Persephone
Question : In Greek mythology who rowed the dead across the river Styx ? Answer : Charon
Question : In Greek mythology who killed the Gorgon ? Answer : Perseus
Question : In Greek mythology who invented the lyre ? Answer : Hermes
Question : In Greek mythology who gave the "eyes" to the peacock ? Answer : Argus
Question : In Greek mythology who created man ? Answer : The demigod
Question : In Greek mythology who built the labyrinth ? Answer : King Daedalus
Question : In Greek mythology which woman's name means all gifts ? Answer : Pandora
Question : In Greek mythology what type of creature was Chiron ? Answer : Wise Centaur
Question : In Greek mythology Penthesilea was the queen of which people ? Answer : Amazons
Question : In Greek mythology Deianeira was the wife of who ? Answer : Hercules
Question : In Greek mythology Cronos and Rhea were the parents of who ? Answer : Zeus
Question : In Greek mythology Clio was the muse of what ? Answer : History
Question : In Greek mythology Atlas was a member of what group ? Answer : The Titans
Question : In Greek mythology a Hamadryads spirit guarded what ? Answer : Trees
Question : In Greek myth who was the first woman ? Answer : Pandora
Question : In Greek legend who turned men into swine ? Answer : Circe
Question : In Greek legend what was Pygmalion's kingdom ? Answer : Cyprus
Question : In Greek legend what was eaten on the Island of Jerba ? Answer : Lotuses
Question : In Greece who were the Hetaerae ? Answer : High class Prostitutes
Question : In Gone With the Wind name Ashley Wilkes plantation ? Answer : Twelve Oaks
Question : In golf what would you put in your shag bag ? Answer : Practice Balls
Question : In golf what name is given to the No 3 wood ? Answer : Spoon
Question : In golf what is the penalty for playing with your opponents ball ? Answer : Two strokes added on
Question : In golf what do the Americans call an albatross ? Answer : Double Eagle
Question : In golf the no 10 iron is usually called what ? Answer : Wedge
Question : In Goldfinger name the actress painted gold ? Answer : Shirley Eaton
Question : In Globe Arizona it's illegal to play cards in the street with who ? Answer : American Indian
Question : In Glendale Arizona it is illegal for a car to do what ? Answer : Reverse - Back up
Question : In Ghandi who played the General caused massacre Amritsar ? Answer : Edward Fox General
Question : In Germany who were known as "Dick und Doof" ? Answer : Laurel and Hardy
Question : In Germany what can you not wear during a strike ? Answer : A Mask
Question : In Germany what are the Neubaustrecke ? Answer : High Speed Railways
Question : In German cusine what are kartofflen ? Answer : Potato dumplings
Question : In Georgia what can you not keep in your bathtub ? Answer : Donkey
Question : In Georgia its illegal to do what with a fork ? Answer : Eat fried chicken
Question : In Georgia its illegal for a barber to do what ? Answer : Advertise Prices
Question : In George Orwell's Animal Farm what type of animal was Muriel ? Answer : The Goat
Question : In Friends where does Joey keep his favourite book ? Answer : In the Freezer
Question : In French legend who is the lover of Abelard ? Answer : Heloise
Question : In Franz Kafkas Metamorphosis Gregor Samsa wakes up as? ? Answer : An Insect
Question : In Frankfort Kentucky its illegal to shot what off a policeman ? Answer : His Tie
Question : In Frank Herbert's Dune what are the Makers ? Answer : Sandworms - Shai-
Question : In France who are nicknamed the Kepis blancs ? Answer : Foreign Legion
Question : In France what take place at Auteuil, Saint-Cloud and Chantilly ? Answer : Horse Racing - they
Question : In France what kind of nuts are noisette ? Answer : Hazelnuts
Question : In France what is Framboise ? Answer : Raspberry
Question : In France what is eau de vie ? Answer : Brandy
Question : In France Pate De Grives a la Provencal is made from what ? Answer : Thrushes
Question : In France it is illegal to sell what doll ? Answer : ET - Dolls human
Question : In France if you were served le miel what would you eat ? Answer : Honey
Question : In Fort Madison Iowa Firemen must do what before attending fire ? Answer : Practice for 15
Question : In formula one grand prix what does a black flag waving mean ? Answer : Car go into pits
Question : In food what does UHT mean on the carton ? Answer : Ultra Heat Treatment
Question : In food labelling what does GM mean ? Answer : Genetically Modified
Question : In Florida women can be fined for falling asleep under what ? Answer : Hair Drier
Question : In Florida what is banned in public places after 6pm Thursdays ? Answer : Farting
Question : In Florida public singing is illegal if you are wearing what ? Answer : Swimsuit
Question : In Florida it's illegal to molest what ? Answer : A Trash Can
Question : In Florida its illegal for a housewife to do what more 3 times daily ? Answer : Break a dish
Question : In Florida its against the law to put what on the school bus ? Answer : Livestock
Question : In Florida it is illegal for a single woman to do what on Sunday ? Answer : Skydive
Question : In Finland who rides a goat named Ukko ? Answer : Santa Clause
Question : In films who could win the Golden Boot award ? Answer : Actors in cowboy
Question : In film who is the alter ego of Daniel Hillard ? Answer : Mrs Doubtfire
Question : In film making what is a martini shot ? Answer : Last of day before pub
Question : In film making what does a Blimp do ? Answer : Covers camera -
Question : In fiction who's mother Monique Delacroix died when he was 11 ? Answer : James Bond
Question : In Feng Shui what colour inspires passion ? Answer : Pink
Question : In February 1990 160 million bottles of what were withdrawn ? Answer : Perrier - contaminated
Question : In fashion correspondent and bar are types of what item ? Answer : Shoe
Question : In Fargo North Dakota you can be jailed for dancing with what ? Answer : Your Hat on
Question : In fable who sold a cow for five beans ? Answer : jack
Question : In fable who pulled the thorn from the lions paw - not eaten ? Answer : Androcles
Question : In European city can you be jailed for not killing furry caterpillars ? Answer : Brussels
Question : In Eureka Nevada its illegal for moustached men to do what ? Answer : Kiss Women
Question : In Equatorial Guinea its illegal to name your child what ? Answer : Monica
Question : In English superstition what bird should you wish good day ? Answer : Magpie else bad luck
Question : In English packs it's the Jack or Knave what in French packs ? Answer : Valet
Question : In English its worth 10 points but in Polish only one what is ? Answer : Letter Z in scrabble
Question : In England what would you buy or get at a Mop Fair ? Answer : Servants for Hire
Question : In England what links Arden, Dean, Kielder and New ? Answer : Forests
Question : In England what is the most popular girls name of the 90s ? Answer : Rebecca
Question : In England what is the most popular boys name of the 90s ? Answer : Daniel
Question : In England what can you not hang out of your window ? Answer : A Bed
Question : In England what can be private, public or approved ? Answer : Schools
Question : In England placing what upside down is considered treason ? Answer : A Postage stamp
Question : In England it is specifically illegal to be drunk where ? Answer : In a pub
Question : In England it is illegal to drive a car without doing what ? Answer : Sitting on front seat
Question : In Elko Nevada sex without what is illegal ? Answer : Condoms
Question : In Elkhart Indiana it's illegal for a barber to threaten to do what ? Answer : Cut off youngsters
Question : In Elizabethan England rich people carried their own folding what ? Answer : Spoons to Banquets
Question : In El Monte California its illegal for who/what to sleep in bathtub ? Answer : Horse - unless ridden
Question : In Ecuador if you were served tronquito what have you eaten ? Answer : Bull penis soup
Question : In East Anglia England what put in house walls to ward off evil ? Answer : Mummified Cats
Question : In Dyersberg Tennessee its illegal for a woman to what to a man ? Answer : Call for a date
Question : In Dukes of Hazard boys drove General Lee name Daisies jeep ? Answer : Dixie
Question : In dry measure 8 quarts are a what ? Answer : Peck
Question : In dry measure 16 pints make up a what ? Answer : Peck
Question : In downtown Lima Peru there is a brass statue of who ? Answer : Winnie the Pooh
Question : In Disney's Jungle book name four vultures ? Answer : John Paul George
Question : In Disney's Fantasia what is the Sorcerers name ? Answer : Yensid - Disney
Question : In Disney's Bedknobs and Broomsticks what magic words used ? Answer : Bibbity Bobbity Boo
Question : In Disney's 1973 animated Robin Hood what creature was Robin ? Answer : A Fox like Marion
Question : In Dick Dastardly's Vulture squadron name the mechanic ? Answer : Clunk he did not talk
Question : In Detroit wilfully destroying your old what is illegal ? Answer : Radio
Question : In Denver Colorado it is illegal to mistreat who / what ? Answer : Rats
Question : In Denver Colorado it is illegal to lend what to your neighbour ? Answer : Vacuum Cleaner
Question : In Denmark what is a Svangerskabsforebyggendemiddel ? Answer : A Condom
Question : In Denmark there is a 20 Kroner fine for not reporting what ? Answer : Your own or anyone
Question : In Delaware it is illegal to pawn what ? Answer : Wooden Leg
Question : In Delaware by law a newlywed must do what if wife asks ? Answer : Take her Shopping
Question : In DC comics Linda Lee Danvers is whose alter ego ? Answer : Supergirl
Question : In Dallas what was the name of the bar ? Answer : Cattleman's Club
Question : In Dallas Texas it is illegal to possess a realistic what ? Answer : Dildo
Question : In Czarist Russia it was illegal to do what ? Answer : Smoke
Question : In Curse of the Pink Panther who plays Clouseau after surgery ? Answer : Roger Moore
Question : In cricket how many times does a full toss bounce ? Answer : None
Question : In Costa Rica and El Salvador you spend what ? Answer : Colons
Question : In Cornwall where would you find two legged knockers ? Answer : Tin Mines goblins
Question : In cooking something made Veronique must contain what ? Answer : Grapes
Question : In cooking six drops equal one what ? Answer : Dash
Question : In cookery what happens to food served farci ? Answer : It's stuffed
Question : In cookery what does ricotta literally mean ? Answer : Twice cooked
Question : In cookery how is something julienne prepared ? Answer : Thin Strips
Question : In cookery a ganache is made from cream and what ? Answer : Chocolate
Question : In contract bridge a hand called chicane has what ? Answer : No trump cards
Question : In Connecticut it is specifically illegal to dispose of what ? Answer : Used Razor Blades
Question : In Connecticut by law restaurants must provide separate what ? Answer : Nose blowing - not
Question : In Connecticut a pickle must do what to be legal ? Answer : Bounce
Question : In computing who are floppy and mootilda ? Answer : Gateways cows
Question : In computing what was the first ironbed ? Answer : A Scanner
Question : In computing what is the smallest movement of a mouse called ? Answer : Mickey
Question : In computing what does EPOS stand for ? Answer : Electronic Point of
Question : In computing there are 8 bits to a byte what are 4 bits called ? Answer : Nibble
Question : In Columbus Ohio its illegal for shops to sell what on Sundays ? Answer : Cornflakes
Question : In Columbus Ohio it is illegal to sell what on Sunday ? Answer : Cornflakes
Question : In Cockney rhyming slang what is a butchers (butchers hook) ? Answer : Look
Question : In church terms what are saucers ? Answer : Domes
Question : In Christian tradition what Saint is the Virgin Mary's mother ? Answer : Saint Ann
Question : In Christian tradition what day is known as the festival of lights ? Answer : Candlemas 2 Feb
Question : In Christian myth man was created from dust what in Islam ? Answer : Clots of Blood
Question : In CHIPS what make of motorcycles did they ride ? Answer : Kawasaki
Question : In Chinese mythology what is Taimut ? Answer : A Dragon
Question : In China what colour does the bride traditionally wear ? Answer : Red
Question : In China its 19 grams but in Denmark 42 grams average what ? Answer : Weight of mans
Question : In China if you order white tea - what do you get ? Answer : Boiled Water
Question : In China big wigs have four but lesser men only two what ? Answer : Outside Pockets
Question : In Chicago its illegal to fish wearing what ? Answer : Your Pyjamas
Question : In Chicago it is illegal to eat in a restaurant that is what ? Answer : On Fire
Question : In Cheyenne Wyoming what is illegal on Wednesday ? Answer : Taking a Shower
Question : In Cheyenne Wyoming its illegal to do what on a Wednesday ? Answer : Take a shower
Question : In Chaucer's England a mussel was slang for what ? Answer : Vulva
Question : In Charleston by law carriage horses must have what ? Answer : Diapers on
Question : In Casablanca what is the name of the nightclub ? Answer : Rick's
Question : In Call of the Wild by Jack London what was the dogs name ? Answer : Buck
Question : In California you can't legally buy a mousetrap without what ? Answer : Hunting Licence
Question : In California more what are raised than in any other state ? Answer : Turkeys
Question : In California it is illegal to eat what while bathing ? Answer : Oranges
Question : In California it is illegal to do what in a hotel room ? Answer : Peel an Onion
Question : In California 22 " is the minimum legal length of saleable what ? Answer : Halibut
Question : In Burma illegal possession of what item can mean prison ? Answer : A Modem
Question : In Brookings South Dakota its illegal for a cat to live where ? Answer : In a dogs house - if
Question : In Brockton Mass you must have a licence to enter where ? Answer : Towns Sewers
Question : In British nobility which title is the highest ? Answer : Duke
Question : In British Columbia is illegal to kill what ? Answer : Sasquatch
Question : In British army what ranks between Major General and Colonel ? Answer : Brigadier
Question : In Britain what is The Andrew ? Answer : The Royal Navy
Question : In Britain what are Sing Tao and Weng Wei Po ? Answer : Chinese Newspapers
Question : In Britain since 1300 gold and silver hallmarked what in 1975 ? Answer : Platinum
Question : In Britain pool and snooker players call it side - what USA name ? Answer : English
Question : In Britain in 1746 what type of clothing was made illegal ? Answer : Highland Dress - kilt
Question : In Bristol Rhode Island its illegal to smoke during what event ? Answer : Public Hanging in
Question : In Bristol England an old law says dogs can do what ? Answer : Watch sex in your bed
Question : In brewing what do the initials OG stand for ? Answer : Original Gravity
Question : In Breton Alabama there is a law against riding what down street ? Answer : Motorboat
Question : In Brainard Minnesota every man must do what by law ? Answer : Grow a Beard
Question : In Braille which letter uses the least number of raised dots ? Answer : S
Question : In Bradshaws you would find information about what ? Answer : Railways
Question : In boxing what comes between bantam and light weight ? Answer : Feather weight
Question : In Bonanza what was Hoss Cartwright's characters first name ? Answer : Eric
Question : In Bonanza Hoss Cartwright was afraid of what ? Answer : The Dark
Question : In Boise Idaho where by law are you not allowed to fish ? Answer : From a Giraffes back
Question : In Blythe Ca. you cant wear cowboy boots unless you own what ? Answer : Minimum 5 head of
Question : In Blue Earth Minnesota illegal under 12s do what without parent ? Answer : Talk on Telephone
Question : In Biker Slang what is a Coupon ? Answer : Traffic Ticket
Question : In Biker Slang what is a Belly Shover ? Answer : A Racing bike
Question : In Biker Slang what are Giblets ? Answer : Chrome add ons
Question : In Bexley Ohio its illegal to put what in an outhouse ? Answer : Slot Machines
Question : In Bewitched name the witch doctor who treats Samantha ? Answer : Doctor Bombay
Question : In Bewitched name Samantha's identical cousin ? Answer : Serena
Question : In Bewitched Aunt Clara had a collection of what ? Answer : Doorknobs
Question : In Belgium if you are eating waterzooi what is it ? Answer : Creamy fish stew
Question : In beer measurement 72 pints make a what ? Answer : Firkin
Question : In Beaconsfield Quebec it is illegal to own what ? Answer : Log Cabin
Question : In Bavaria what is defined as a staple food ? Answer : Beer
Question : In Baseball slang who would use The tools of Ignorance ? Answer : Catchers Equipment
Question : In Baltimore it is illegal to take what to the movies ? Answer : A Lion
Question : In Baltimore it is illegal to scrub or wash what ? Answer : A Sink
Question : In Bali they observe noebi a day of what ? Answer : Silence
Question : In Baldwin Park California where is it illegal to ride your bike ? Answer : In a Swimming Pool
Question : In Australian slang what kind if food is a mystery bag ? Answer : Sausage
Question : In Australian slang what is underground Mutton ? Answer : Cooked Rabbit
Question : In Australian slang what is a ten ounce sandwich ? Answer : Liquid Lunch - Can of
Question : In Australian slang what is a dishlicker ? Answer : Dog
Question : In Australian slang what is a Coughie ? Answer : Bad Umpiring
Question : In Australian slang what are apricots ? Answer : Testicles
Question : In Australia what is the second Sunday in May ? Answer : Mothers day
Question : In Australia what is the no 1 topping for pizzas ? Answer : Eggs
Question : In Australia what is a Willy-Willy ? Answer : Whirlwind
Question : In Aussie slang what are Bum Nuts ? Answer : Eggs
Question : In Auburn Washington men can get five years for doing what ? Answer : Deflowering Virgins
Question : In Atlanta Georgia what is it illegal to do to a giraffe ? Answer : Tie it to tel pole
Question : In Athens they can remove your driving licence if found what ? Answer : Poorly dressed or
Question : In astronomy what are rapidly rotating neutron stars called ? Answer : Pulsars
Question : In astronomy what are Pallas Vesta and Davida ? Answer : Asteroids
Question : In astrology which heavenly body rules the sign of Cancer ? Answer : The Moon
Question : In astrology what was the age before Aquarius ? Answer : Age of Pisces
Question : In Astrology what is the ruling planet of communication ? Answer : Mercury
Question : In Astrology Aquarians are ruled by what planet ? Answer : Uranus
Question : In Ashville North Carolina its illegal to do what on the streets ? Answer : Sneeze
Question : In Arthur C Clarks Childhoods end the aliens look like what ? Answer : Devils
Question : In Arkansas it is illegal to serve what drink at a party ? Answer : Petrol - Gasoline
Question : In Arkansas it is illegal to keep what in your bathtub ? Answer : Alligator
Question : In Arkansas a man can only do what legally once a month ? Answer : Beat his wife
Question : In Arizona you must register with state before becoming what ? Answer : Illegal Drug Dealer
Question : In Arizona you can have no more than two what in a house ? Answer : Dildos - any more and
Question : In area what is the largest South American country ? Answer : Brazil
Question : In any one month 36% of Americans eat what for breakfast ? Answer : Cold left over pizza
Question : In any given 6 month period 40% of Americans are what ? Answer : Affected by mental
Question : In animal terms what is a dude ? Answer : A camels penis
Question : In Animal Farm what was the name of the farm ? Answer : Manor Farm
Question : In Animal Farm what kind of creature was Bluebell ? Answer : A Dog
Question : In Animal Farm Benjamin was what type of creature ? Answer : Donkey
Question : In ancient Sparta what was the penalty for bachelorhood ? Answer : Can't watch women's
Question : In ancient Rome what was the triclinium ? Answer : Dining Room
Question : In ancient Rome what was the tabularium ? Answer : Hall of Public
Question : In Ancient Rome what creature was the symbol of liberty ? Answer : The Cat
Question : In ancient Rome what could be candida, picta, pulla or virilis ? Answer : Types of Toga styles
Question : In ancient Rome by law prostitutes had to do what ? Answer : Dye blond or wear
Question : In Ancient Mesopotamia people worshiped what ? Answer : Pigeons
Question : In ancient Japan what was used to clean teeth ? Answer : Stale Urine
Question : In ancient Japan public contests were held to find what ? Answer : Best Farter loud and
Question : In ancient India what was cut off adulterers ? Answer : Noses - and they tried
Question : In ancient India how were dead parents traditionally disposed of ? Answer : Eaten by offspring as
Question : In ancient Greece young brides had to sacrifice what ? Answer : Their Dolls - show
Question : In ancient Greece what was a hoplite ? Answer : Soldier
Question : In ancient Greece aristocratic women were deflowered with what ? Answer : Stone Penis
Question : In ancient Egypt what food was reserved for the Pharaohs ? Answer : Mushrooms
Question : In ancient Egypt men and women did what opposite to today ? Answer : Peeing - men sat
Question : In ancient China what was hung outside a bad doctors house ? Answer : Lantern for each dead
Question : In ancient China what meat was reserved for the Emperor ? Answer : Pork
Question : In ancient China people committed suicide by eating what ? Answer : Salt One lb will kill
Question : In ancient Athens every third man worked with what ? Answer : Marble
Question : In an orchestra which instrument has the greatest number ? Answer : Violins
Question : In an authentic Chinese meal what is served last ? Answer : Soup - to swim the
Question : In America what colour is the Green Card ? Answer : White
Question : In America its noise is B flat in England its G what is ? Answer : Buzz of Electric
Question : In Algeria what is rai ? Answer : A form of music
Question : In Alberta what are you not allowed to Paint (its illegal) ? Answer : Wooden Log
Question : In Alberta its illegal to play craps if you are using what ? Answer : Dice
Question : In Albany NY in winter children were arrested for what illegal act ? Answer : Sledging and sledges
Question : In Albany New York what's it illegal to do in the streets ? Answer : Play Golf
Question : In Alaska it's legal to shoot bears but illegal to do what ? Answer : Wake up for photo
Question : In Alaska it is illegal to look at a moose from where ? Answer : Window of any
Question : In Alabama its illegal to have more than 3 what in your house ? Answer : Animals
Question : In Alabama it is illegal to be what while driving ? Answer : Blindfolded
Question : In airline slang what is a 365 ? Answer : Eggs Bacon served
Question : In AFTs top 100 movies only 2 sequels - Godfather and what ? Answer : French Connection II
Question : In Ackworth Georgia all citizens must own what by law ? Answer : A Rake
Question : In a year the average person walks four miles doing what ? Answer : Making their bed
Question : In a survey what is the most popular UK kids TV programme ? Answer : The Simpsons
Question : In a survey what food did Americans say they hated most ? Answer : Tofu
Question : In a survey US ERs what is the most commonly broken bone ? Answer : Clavicle or Collar
Question : In a survey 4% of US employees never do what at work ? Answer : Laugh
Question : In a survey 32% of wives would change their husbands what ? Answer : Weight
Question : In a state of readiness is the literal meaning of which job title ? Answer : Waiter
Question : In a recent survey women disliked what part of male body most ? Answer : Feet
Question : In a recent survey what % of US wives thought husband cheating ? Answer : Ninety %
Question : In a poll newlyweds spend most time on honeymoon doing what ? Answer : Arguing or Fighting
Question : In a museum La Crosse Kansas is Crandals Champion what ? Answer : Barbed Wire museum
Question : In a MORI pole what does MORI stand for ? Answer : Market opinion
Question : In a Horney Monkey there is banana crème de menthe and what ? Answer : Baileys
Question : In a Gynocracy - who rules ? Answer : Women
Question : In a French restaurant what's plate de jure translate as ? Answer : Dish of the Day
Question : in a famous Disney film who are Flora Fauna and Merryweather ? Answer : Fairy Godmothers
Question : In a church who would use the chancel ? Answer : Choir they sit there
Question : In a 1988 survey 12 million Americans don’t know what ? Answer : Washington DC was
Question : In 2001 one active UK warship named after an Englishman who ? Answer : Sir Winston Churchill
Question : In 2000 what word was written on Sydney bridge in fireworks ? Answer : Eternity
Question : In 2000 what state removed confederate flag - statehouse dome ? Answer : South Carolina
Question : In 19th century USA what was The Mongolian Curse ? Answer : Opium
Question : In 19th century Florence it was illegal for women to wear what ? Answer : Buttons
Question : In 19th century England what was a Snickerdoddle ? Answer : Cookie
Question : In 1999 Dallas Texas passed a law banning what from city ? Answer : Roosters noise pollute
Question : In 1999 470 Chinese were injured by what ? Answer : Exploding beer bottles
Question : In 1999 20% of all US tourists came from which country ? Answer : Japan
Question : In 1998 there were 508 hospital causing injuries what sport ? Answer : Snooker Pool
Question : In 1998 the space probe Luna Perfecta found what on the moon ? Answer : Ice
Question : In 1996 which Celine Dion album Grammy album of year ? Answer : Falling into You
Question : In 1996 what was the most common use for a computer 46% ? Answer : Bookkeeping
Question : In 1995 what was the most common name given to girls in USA ? Answer : Ashley
Question : In 1995 the average US public school had 75 what ? Answer : Computers installed
Question : in 1995 13 books every minute sold in US were on what subject ? Answer : Star Trek
Question : in 1994 314 Americans had what type of surgery ? Answer : Buttock Lift
Question : In 1992 2421 US people were injured at home by what ? Answer : Their Houseplants
Question : In 1990 there were 99 public executions Suadi Arabia - Drugs How ? Answer : Beheading
Question : In 1990 there were 15000 accidents involving what ? Answer : Vacuum cleaner
Question : In 1988 there was a shortage of what exotic food fish ? Answer : Swordfish
Question : In 1987 U2 won Grammy for best album of year name it ? Answer : The Joshua Tree
Question : In 1987 the Jockey Club disqualified a horse that had eaten what ? Answer : Mars Bar
Question : In 1986 Graceland was the Grammy album of the year - who’s ? Answer : Paul Simon
Question : In 1985 William Beckman paid no tax on £100000 profit why ? Answer : William was a dog -
Question : In 1984 Bloomingdale's started selling 100000 year old what ? Answer : Glacial ice from
Question : In 1984 BA stewardess called police she'd left what in cupboard ? Answer : Husband in Bondage
Question : In 1983 a Japanese artist copied the Mona Lisa in what material ? Answer : Toast
Question : In 1982 San Francisco became the first US city to do what ? Answer : Ban sale possession of
Question : in 1980 the Yellow Pages listed a Funeral Home under what ? Answer : Frozen Food
Question : In 1979 who sang about Walking on the Moon ? Answer : Police
Question : In 1979 what did President Carter apologise to Australia about ? Answer : Skylab falling on their
Question : In 1976 what show appeared on TV for the first time ? Answer : Charlie Angels
Question : In 1976 in USA 23 people got swine fever and died from what ? Answer : The Treatment
Question : In 1974 Somalia created its first ever what ? Answer : Written language
Question : In 1973 Roland Ohisson was buried in a coffin made of what ? Answer : Chocolate
Question : In 1971 which USA space probe was first to orbit another planet ? Answer : Mariner 9
Question : In 1969 who formed tangerine records ? Answer : Ray Charles
Question : In 1969 what category was added to the Nobel prizes ? Answer : Economics
Question : In 1969 Sport was the first magazine to run an ad for what ? Answer : Condoms
Question : In 1967, which airline became the first all-jet airline ? Answer : TWA
Question : In 1967 what new safety measure was introduced to the UK ? Answer : Breathalyser
Question : In 1967 an Australian had one 11lb in weight - what ? Answer : Carrot
Question : In 1965 who became country music's first millionairess ? Answer : Loretta Lynn
Question : In 1965 Gambia achieved independence from which country ? Answer : United Kingdom
Question : In 1964 who was the first non royal to appear on a UK stamp ? Answer : William Shakespeare
Question : In 1964 Jett Bock composed the music for what hit show ? Answer : Fiddler on the Roof
Question : In 1963 what finally ended in Alaska ? Answer : Mail by dog sled
Question : In 1962 - cost 20,000 - size of a small suitcase - what ? Answer : Portable computer
Question : In 1961 which Henry Mancini record won Grammy record of year ? Answer : Moon River
Question : In 1961 Anton Geesink was the first non Japanese to do what ? Answer : Win a Judo title
Question : In 1959 Able Baker first put out in space by USA what were A/B ? Answer : Spider Monkeys
Question : In 1956 Irme Nagy lead a revolt in which country ? Answer : Hungary against
Question : In 1956 16 tons topped the UK charts who was the singer ? Answer : Tennessee Ernie Ford
Question : In 1954 George Cowling was the first British TV what ? Answer : Weatherman
Question : In 1953 what was first successfully transmitted in the USA ? Answer : Colour Television
Question : in 1951 which (of two) car companies introduced power steering ? Answer : Buick - Chrysler
Question : In 1951 these were invented what were ? Answer : Disposable diapers -
Question : In 1951 the shortest ever lasted 2.5 minutes - shortest what ? Answer : Boat race Oxford sank
Question : In 1950 what character was on first metal lunchbox in the US ? Answer : Hopalong Cassidy
Question : In 1950 the Minnesota valley canning company became what ? Answer : Jolly Green Giant
Question : In 1949 what was introduced to cars for the first time ? Answer : The Ignition key
Question : In 1949 the Thought Police first appeared in what novel ? Answer : 1984 George Orwell
Question : In 1947 it began at Callao Peru ended Tuamotu Island what did ? Answer : Kon Tiki Expedition
Question : In 1940s California it was illegal to serve alcohol to who ? Answer : Homosexuals
Question : In 1939 which countries invaded Poland ? Answer : Germany - Russia
Question : In 1939 in the US what was the first patented plant ? Answer : New Dawn Rose
Question : In 1937 the BBC first televised which sporting event ? Answer : Wimbledon
Question : In 1935 Charlton C McGee invented what in the USA ? Answer : Parking Meter
Question : In 1931 what was the first live televised sporting event in the UK ? Answer : The Derby
Question : In 1929 the first what happened on an aircraft ? Answer : Birth
Question : In 1928 Simon Bolivar was president 3 countries Bolivia and ? ? Answer : Columbia Peru
Question : In 1927 what ceased to be a weapon in the British Army ? Answer : The Lance
Question : In 1926 Japan deleted 800000 feet from US films showing what ? Answer : Kissing - it was
Question : In 1925 two men first drove round Australia in what make of car ? Answer : Citroen 2 seater
Question : In 1925 the worlds first what opened Luis Obispo California ? Answer : Motel - Called Motel
Question : In 1925 at Windsor Bookies went on strike - against what ? Answer : Betting Tax
Question : In 1924 the worlds first book of what was published ? Answer : Crosswords
Question : In 1923 what new optional accessory was offered on cars ? Answer : A Radio
Question : In 1923 the BBC first broadcast what on the radio ? Answer : Opera
Question : In 1919 in the USA you could be jailed for doing what in Public ? Answer : Sneezing
Question : In 1918 what were Jelly Babies renamed ? Answer : Peace Babies
Question : In 1917 Lucy Slowe was the first US what ? Answer : Black tennis
Question : In 1911 the archaeologist Hiram Bingham discovered what lost city ? Answer : Machu Picchu
Question : In 1908 A'Ecu d'Or became the worlds first what ? Answer : Pornographic film
Question : in 1907 who was the first English writer win Nobel prize literature ? Answer : Rudyard Kipling
Question : In 1906 the John Gable Entertainer was the first what ? Answer : Juke Box
Question : In 1904 May Sutton Brandy was the first US woman to do what ? Answer : Win Wimbledon
Question : In 1903 Frank Hanaway was US first what in The Great Train Robbery ? Answer : Stuntman
Question : In 1902 What did Mary Anderson invent ? Answer : Windscreen Wipers
Question : In 1901 who first transmitted radio signals across Atlantic ? Answer : Marconi
Question : In 1901 which brand of car was seen for the first time ? Answer : Mercedes
Question : In 1901 Dr Dausand demonstrated what that never caught on ? Answer : Silent Cinema - for
Question : In 1900 Persian soldiers were paid with what ? Answer : Donkeys
Question : In 1900 caterer Harry Stevens introduce what words to language ? Answer : Hot Dogs
Question : In 1900 Americans did it for 9hour 20 min now its 7hour 20 what ? Answer : Sleep
Question : In 18th century England what would you do with whim wham ? Answer : Eat it Cream sponge
Question : In 18th century England what was known as ? Answer : Old Tom
Question : In 1899 the Eastman company in the USA produced first what ? Answer : kodak 1
Question : In 1897 who were the first baseball team introduce a ladies day ? Answer : Washington Senators
Question : In 1895 the world's first disposable item made - what was it ? Answer : Razor Blade - King
Question : In 1891 what city held the first weightlifting world championship ? Answer : London
Question : In 1890 the first electric what opened in London ? Answer : Underground railway
Question : In 1887 who solved his first case ? Answer : Sherlock Holmes
Question : In 1885 Canada sold what to US for $150000 ? Answer : Niagara Falls
Question : In 1880 Smiths Patent Germ Bread changed its name to what ? Answer : Hovis
Question : In 1879 James Ritty invented what ? Answer : Cash Register
Question : In 1867 Lucian B Smith invented what restraint ? Answer : Barbed Wire
Question : In 1861 Dows Ginger Ale was the first to be what ? Answer : Sold in a Bottle
Question : In 1860 Napoleon III banquet - serving dishes dearer gold - what ? Answer : Aluminium
Question : In 1856 John C Freeman was the first what ? Answer : Republican candidate
Question : In 1848 The London Daily News carried the worlds fist what ? Answer : Weather report /
Question : In 1845 Boston it was illegal to do what without a doctors note ? Answer : Bathe
Question : In 1839 what innovation was added to bicycles ? Answer : Pedals
Question : In 1829 Walter Hunt invented what common item ? Answer : Safety Pin
Question : In 1829 Cyrill Damien invented which musical instrument ? Answer : Accordion
Question : In 1823 the British army soldiers were first issued with what ? Answer : Trousers
Question : In 1821 Jacob Fusel worlds fist commercial factory making what ? Answer : Ice Cream
Question : In 1820 what was taxed in Missouri ? Answer : Bachelors
Question : In 1810 in England Peter Durand invented what ? Answer : Tin can (food)
Question : In 17th century if you got Xmas clap what have you been given ? Answer : A Kiss under
Question : In 1797 3 pence could buy you a good (second hand) what ? Answer : Wife
Question : In 1789 Britain legally adopted what officially ? Answer : Hanging - before it
Question : In 1782 in France what was louison or louisette ? Answer : The Guillotine before
Question : In 1779 Abraham Darby built the worlds first what ? Answer : Metal Bridge
Question : In 1778 name the first country to send an ambassador to US ? Answer : France
Question : In 1776 the first union went on strike in the US what job ? Answer : Journeyman Printers
Question : In 1760 what means of personal transport was invented ? Answer : Roller Skates
Question : In 1752 Mr Blake and Callahan raced and began which sport ? Answer : Steeplechase
Question : In 1741 Robert Keeler first to commercially manufactured what ? Answer : Marmalade in Dundee
Question : In 1666 Jesuit Bark was used as a prevention against what ? Answer : Malaria
Question : In 1659 Massachusetts outlawed what ? Answer : Christmas - it was
Question : in 1656 Christian Huygens invented what type of timekeeper ? Answer : Pendulum clock
Question : In 1643 Evangalisa Torichelli invented the first what ? Answer : Barometer
Question : In 1605 Japanese Emperor made what compulsory in schools ? Answer : Learning swimming
Question : In 1500 BC Egyptian women had to be what to be beautiful ? Answer : Bald
Question : In 1477 the first advert in English offered what for sale ? Answer : Prayer Book
Question : In 1449 Thomas Brightfield built London's first what ? Answer : Lavatory
Question : In 1000 bc Israelites paid their taxes in what ? Answer : Raisins
Question : Impressionism comes from painting Impression Sunrise - Artist ? Answer : Claude Monet
Question : Imperial Airways in 1925 was the first to do what ? Answer : Show an in flight
Question : Im Westen Nicht Neues what famous novel 20s later film ? Answer : All Quiet on the
Question : Illustrator Sydney Paget created the trademarks of who ? Answer : Sherlock Holmes
Question : Illustrator Florence K Upton created what (now not PC) ? Answer : Golliwog
Question : Illinois State law its illegal to speak what language ? Answer : English - only
Question : Illinois second largest city and a TV detective share what name ? Answer : Rockford
Question : Ill Never Forget Whatshisname 1968 film first said fuck - who ? Answer : Marianne Faithful
Question : Ilium is the Latin name for what ancient city ? Answer : Troy
Question : Ilich Ramirez Sanchez became notorious as who ? Answer : Carlos the Jackal
Question : Ignoring USA whose motto is E Pluribus Unum ? Answer : Benfica Football Club
Question : Ignoring Queen name the only woman to appear on UK currency ? Answer : Florence Nightingale
Question : Ignoring obvious what links Venus and Mercury ? Answer : No Moons
Question : Ignoring obvious what links Minotaur Harpy Centaur and Sphinx ? Answer : All part human
Question : Ignoring obvious what links Jupiter Neptune Uranus and Saturn ? Answer : All have Rings
Question : Ignoring cats what large animals purr when they are happy ? Answer : Brahma Bulls
Question : Ignatius Loyola founded which organisation ? Answer : Jesuits
Question : If you were watching cricket at The Outer in which city are you ? Answer : Melbourne Australia
Question : If you were using Highroller Snooker 7 Lukki what are you doing ? Answer : Fishing artificial flies
Question : If you were taking a class in pistology what are you studying ? Answer : Faith
Question : If you were suffering from Preblysis what have you got ? Answer : Premature Ejaculation
Question : If you were studying Iatrology what would you be studying ? Answer : Science of Medicine
Question : If you were severed a dish 'belle h'elen what fruit would it be ? Answer : Pears
Question : If you were performing Christies or edging what are you doing ? Answer : Skiing
Question : If you were performing a fillip what are you doing ? Answer : Snapping Fingers
Question : If you were misocapnic what do you hate ? Answer : Tobacco Smoke
Question : If you were indulging in Sciomanchy what are you doing ? Answer : Imaginary Combat
Question : If you were in Lou Grants office what city are you in ? Answer : Los Angeles
Question : If you were given some marlite what would you do with it ? Answer : Dig into soil it’s a
Question : If you were given a sitooterie what would you do with it ? Answer : Sit out in it
Question : If you were given a pot of vermicide what would you use it for ? Answer : Killing worms
Question : If you were given a French Gobelin what would you have had ? Answer : A Tapestry
Question : If you were eating Olea Europea what would it be ? Answer : Olive
Question : If you were eating fragrant meat in Hong Kong what is it ? Answer : Dog
Question : If you were eating calemare - what are you snacking on ? Answer : Squid
Question : If you were eating a Prunis Domesticia what would it be ? Answer : Plum
Question : If you were eating a Malus Pumila what would it be ? Answer : Apple
Question : If you were drinking Tiger beer in what country would you be ? Answer : Singapore
Question : If You were drinking Rolling Rock lager what US state are you in ? Answer : Pennsylvania
Question : If you were drinking Red Stripe lager what country are you in ? Answer : Jamaica
Question : If you were drinking Cobra beer in what country would you be ? Answer : India
Question : If you were drinking castle beer in what country would you be ? Answer : South Africa
Question : If you were doing vaccimulgence what doing ? Answer : Milking a cow
Question : If you were crapulous what would you be ? Answer : Drunk
Question : If you were Cock Throppling what you be doing ? Answer : Bending a horses
Question : If you were caught pandiculating what were you doing ? Answer : Yawning
Question : If you were acomoclitic what would turn you on ? Answer : Shaven Pubes
Question : If you went on the road to Mandalay what country are you in ? Answer : Miramar or Burma
Question : If you take a before meal aperitif what's an after meal one called ? Answer : Digestif
Question : If you suffered Hierophillia what turns you on ? Answer : Sacred Objects
Question : If you suffered Harpaxophillia what turns you on ? Answer : Being Robbed
Question : If you suffered from varicella what have you got ? Answer : Chickenpox
Question : If you suffered from tantartism what would you be doing ? Answer : Dancing Mania
Question : If you suffered from scripturience what are you compelled to do ? Answer : Write things down
Question : If you suffered from pyrexia what have you got ? Answer : Fever
Question : If you suffered from pruritus - what would be wrong ? Answer : Itching
Question : If you suffered from ozostomia what have you got ? Answer : Bad Breath - Halitosis
Question : If you suffered from Chirospasm what have you got ? Answer : Writers Cramp
Question : If you suffered from acronyx what have you got ? Answer : Ingrown Toenail
Question : If you suffered from a luxating patella what wrong with you ? Answer : Moving Kneecap
Question : If you suffer from Tinea Pedis what have you got ? Answer : Athletes foot
Question : If you suffer from protanopia you cannot see what ? Answer : Colour red
Question : If you suffer from epistaxis what is wrong ? Answer : Nosebleed
Question : If you suffer from diplopia what have you got ? Answer : Double vision
Question : If you suffer from cynanthropy what do you think you are ? Answer : Dog
Question : If you shout Tsuki what sport are you practicing ? Answer : Kendo
Question : If you saw Fringilla Coelebs what bird have you noticed ? Answer : The Chaffinch
Question : If you saw Cave Canem written what would you know ? Answer : Beware of the Dog
Question : If you saw a hummock off your port bow what are you looking at ? Answer : Ice broken from berg
Question : If you sailed due West from Japan what country would you hit ? Answer : Korea
Question : If you practice Encraty what are you doing ? Answer : Abstinence or Self
Question : If you planted a bandarilla what are you doing ? Answer : Bullfighting
Question : If you ordered Tori Udon in a Japanese restaurant you get what ? Answer : Thick Noodles broth
Question : if you Manuxorate what are you doing ? Answer : Male masturbating
Question : If you landed at Shannon airport where are you ? Answer : Limerick
Question : If you landed at Schipol airport where are you ? Answer : Amsterdam
Question : If you landed at Mirabel international airport where are you ? Answer : Montreal
Question : If you landed at Mirabel airport where are you ? Answer : Montreal
Question : If you landed at Merignac airport - where are you ? Answer : Bordeaux
Question : If you landed at MCO airfield where are you ? Answer : Orlando Florida
Question : If you landed at Lindberg airport where are you ? Answer : San Diego
Question : If you landed at Hanedi airport where are you ? Answer : Tokyo
Question : If you landed at Carthage airport where would you be ? Answer : Tunis
Question : If you landed at Capodichino airport where are you ? Answer : Naples
Question : If you landed at Cannon airport where are you ? Answer : Reno
Question : If you landed at Balice airport where would you be ? Answer : Cracow Poland
Question : If you landed at Arlanda airport where would you be ? Answer : Stockholm Sweden
Question : If you have polythelia what have you got ? Answer : Three nipples
Question : If you have otophobia what are you afraid of ? Answer : Opening ones eyes
Question : If you have Iantronudia what turns you on ? Answer : Flashing a physician
Question : If you have dysmorphia what do you hate ? Answer : A body part
Question : If you have Dorophillia what turns you on ? Answer : Animal Skins or furs
Question : If you have Chlorosis what colour does the skin go ? Answer : Green
Question : If you have cherophobia what are you afraid of ? Answer : Joy - happiness
Question : If you have Acute hasopharyngitis what's wrong ? Answer : You got a cold
Question : If you have a viral infection of the parotid glands what is it ? Answer : Mumps
Question : If you have a rhytidectomy what procedure has occurred ? Answer : A Face Lift
Question : If you have a buccula what have you got ? Answer : Double Chin
Question : If you have a Barr test what was tested ? Answer : Your Sex - in athletics
Question : If you has caries who would you consult ? Answer : dentist
Question : If you had variola what disease have you got ? Answer : Smallpox
Question : If you had Tritonopia what would you not see ? Answer : Colour Blue
Question : If you had some gentles, jig, gag and coop what are you doing ? Answer : Fishing
Question : If you had rubella what would you have caught ? Answer : German Measles
Question : If you had Psygophillia what would arouse you ? Answer : Contact with buttocks
Question : If you had pogonophobia what would you be afraid of ? Answer : Beards
Question : If you had podobromhidrosis what would you have ? Answer : Smelly Feet
Question : If you had Naphephillia what turns you on ? Answer : Being Touched
Question : If you had hemicrania what would you be suffering from ? Answer : Migraine
Question : If you had distrix what condition would you have ? Answer : Hair - split ends
Question : If you had Cynophillia what type of sex turns you on ? Answer : Sex with dogs
Question : If you had crabites what have you got ? Answer : Collection of fossil
Question : If you had canitis what have you got ? Answer : Grey hair
Question : If you had aprosexia what would be impaired or reduced ? Answer : Ability to study
Question : If you had a Brassica Rapa what vegetable would you have ? Answer : Turnip
Question : If you had 2 eight enders in one bonspiel what are you playing ? Answer : Curling
Question : If you graduate with a degree in music what colour tassel wear ? Answer : Pink
Question : If you dial 123 in the UK what service do you get ? Answer : The speaking clock
Question : If you committed Vaticide who would you have killed ? Answer : Prophet
Question : If you climbed the Dolomites what country are you in ? Answer : Italy
Question : If you are using Prime Tierce and Octave what are you doing ? Answer : Fencing
Question : If you are on the Choke mountains what country are you in ? Answer : Ethiopia
Question : If you are born in March what is your Flower ? Answer : Violet
Question : If you are born between June 23rd and July 23rd what star sign ? Answer : Cancer
Question : If you ain't done it by age 40 chances are you never will - what ? Answer : Go to Prison
Question : If you Absterse something what do you do ? Answer : Clean it
Question : If the vestal virgins were caught having sex what punishment ? Answer : Burried Alive
Question : If the doctor gave you salversan he would be treating your what ? Answer : Syphilis
Question : If something is coked en brochette how is it done ? Answer : On a skewer
Question : If something is caseous what is it like ? Answer : Cheese
Question : If someone said they were from Hellas - which country ? Answer : Greece
Question : If someone Inpissates a soup what have they done ? Answer : Thickened it
Question : If silver is stamped with a leopard in which city was it assayed ? Answer : London
Question : If silence is golden what is silver ? Answer : Speech
Question : If not Shakespeare what links Juliet Cleopatra Mark Antony ? Answer : Commit Suicide
Question : If not a bird magician or a spitfire engine What is a Merlin ? Answer : Artificial vagina
Question : If music was played leggiero how should it be done ? Answer : Lightly
Question : If an Italian was having Pranzo what would they be having ? Answer : Lunch
Question : If an Australian had trouble with his donk who would he call on ? Answer : Mechanic - Donks an
Question : If an Australian had a Bingle what would it be ? Answer : Car Accident
Question : If an Australian called you a Gumsucker what would he mean ? Answer : You were from
Question : If an Australian called you a cadbury what would he mean ? Answer : Cheap Drunk
Question : If an Aussie called you a Bananabender what would he mean ? Answer : You were from
Question : If an alloy is an amalgam what metal must it contain ? Answer : Mercury
Question : If a woman maritates what is she doing ? Answer : Female Masturbating
Question : If a wine is described as alcooleux what has it got ? Answer : Overwhelming
Question : If a Turkish judge breaks a pencil what does it mean ? Answer : Your death sentence
Question : If a prescription said b.i.d. what would it mean ? Answer : Twice Daily
Question : If a male ass is a Jackass what is a female called ? Answer : Jenny
Question : If a Ghanian says Afishapa what have you been told ? Answer : Merry Christmas
Question : If a dog is canine, cat feline what creature is accipitrine ? Answer : A hawk
Question : If a dog is canine what is cirvine ? Answer : Deer
Question : If a doctor says you have singultus what have you got ? Answer : Hiccups
Question : If a doctor says you have ecchymosis what have you got ? Answer : A Bruise
Question : If a doctor said you had claudication what have you got ? Answer : A limp or lameness
Question : If a doctor gives you a clyster what have you just got ? Answer : Injected into rectum
Question : If a doctor gave you an Ishihara test what is he testing for ? Answer : Colour blindness
Question : If a dish is served pomontier what does it contain ? Answer : Potatoes
Question : If a dish is served Florentine what will it contain ? Answer : Spinach
Question : If a bird nidifies what has it just done ? Answer : Built a nest
Question : Idi Amin of Uganda excelled at what sport ? Answer : Rugby
Question : Idaho Falls Idaho its illegal for over 88 year olds to do what ? Answer : Ride a motorcycle
Question : Ictheologists study what ? Answer : Fish
Question : Iceland Glima Iran Kushti Turkey Yagli Russia Sambo what is it ? Answer : Wrestling
Question : IBM is Big Blue Coca Cola Big Red who is Big Black ? Answer : United Parcel Service
Question : Ian Fleming's house was called Goldeneye - which country ? Answer : Jamaica
Question : Iain Stewart - dropped - looked too normal - what pop group ? Answer : The Rolling Stones
Question : I will please is the Latin translation of what medical treatment ? Answer : Placebo
Question : I get around was a hit for which group ? Answer : Beach Boys
Question : Hyundai and which other car manufacturer are located in Korea ? Answer : Kia
Question : Hypermetropic people are what ? Answer : Long Sighted
Question : Hymen in Greek Genius in Roman Gods of what ? Answer : Fertility and Marriage
Question : Hydrosis is the medical term for what ? Answer : Sweating
Question : Hydrated Magnesium Silicate is better known as what ? Answer : Meerschaum or
Question : Hydra Gyrum was the Latin name for which element ? Answer : Mercury - Hg
Question : Hungarian doctor Karolyn Maria Beekert coined what word 1869 ? Answer : Homosexual
Question : Humphry Bogart played Rick in Casablanca - Rick Who ? Answer : Fleming
Question : Humans lose 27 what a day ? Answer : Moulted Pubic Hairs
Question : Humans are 10,000 times more sexually active that what animal ? Answer : Rabbits
Question : Hugh O'Brian played the lead in what Old Western series ? Answer : Wyatt Earp
Question : Hugh Lofting created which fictional character ? Answer : Dr Dolittle
Question : Hugh Lofting created which famous character ? Answer : Doctor Dolittle
Question : Hugh Hefner and Katherine Hepburn both had degrees in what ? Answer : Psychology
Question : Hrvataska is what the natives call what country ? Answer : Croatia
Question : Howard Hughs used to store what in large metal containers ? Answer : His Urine
Question : How would you feel if you were forswanked ? Answer : It means very tired
Question : How was William Huskinson killed in 1830 - first ever ? Answer : Run over by Railway
Question : How was USA president James Buchanan different from all rest ? Answer : Batchelor maybe gay
Question : How was Tristram Shandy (fictional character) circumcised ? Answer : A Sash window fell
Question : How was Boris Karloff listed in the credits 1931 Frankenstein ? Answer : As ?
Question : How was Alexander the Greats body preserved ? Answer : In large jar of honey
Question : How to you turn a woman into a cuckquean ? Answer : Shag her husband
Question : How to Handle a Woman came from which stage musical ? Answer : Camelot
Question : How often must one perform a quotidian task ? Answer : Daily
Question : How often does a quotidian thing occur ? Answer : Daily
Question : How often does a Hebdomadal Council meet ? Answer : Weekly
Question : How may Oscars did Richard Burton win ? Answer : None - Seven
Question : How many women know the formula of Coca Cola ? Answer : None - not allowed
Question : How many tail feathers has a Kiwi ? Answer : None
Question : How many spices are mixed in allspice ? Answer : None it’s single spice
Question : How many sheep are used to produce one angora sweater ? Answer : None Angora
Question : How many rings on the Olympic flag ? Answer : Five
Question : How many ponies did the pony express use weekly ? Answer : None - They used
Question : How many pints will the 27 inch Americas cup hold ? Answer : None - its bottomless
Question : How many one legged popes have there been ? Answer : None
Question : How many feet in a fathom ? Answer : Six
Question : How many equal angles has a scalene triangle ? Answer : None
Question : How many best director Oscars did Alfred Hitchcock win ? Answer : None
Question : How long can a bedbug live without food ? Answer : One Year
Question : How is the Olympic torch lit ? Answer : By the sun in Greece
Question : How is the cucurbita pepo better known ? Answer : Marrow
Question : How is something cooked if done en papillote ? Answer : In Paper
Question : How does paella get its name ? Answer : From cooking pan
Question : How does a male koala attract a mate ? Answer : Belching
Question : How do you Rizzle something ? Answer : Sun dry
Question : How do you catch a Phart ? Answer : With a net it’s a fish
Question : How did Van Gogh dispose of his ear ? Answer : Gave it to prostitute
Question : How did the Greek dramatist Aeschalys die ? Answer : Eagle dropped tortoise
Question : How did the Emperor Claudius die ? Answer : Choked on a Feather
Question : How did Stonewall Jackson die ? Answer : Shot by own troops -
Question : How did Scrooge McDuck earn his first dime ? Answer : Shining shoes
Question : How did Scotland's Robert the Bruce die ? Answer : From Leprosy
Question : How did Queen Victoria ease her menstrual cramp pain ? Answer : Used Marijuana
Question : How did Pope Hadrian IV die ? Answer : Choked on a fly
Question : How did multi millionaire Russell Sage save money ? Answer : Not wear underwear
Question : How did Miss Piggy tell the difference between love and lust ? Answer : By spelling
Question : How did Marc Quinquadron die while setting a new world record ? Answer : Food Poisoning ate 7
Question : How did Liverpool football club get Anfield ? Answer : Everton evicted not
Question : How did Lavan in Utah get its name ? Answer : Its Naval backwards
Question : How did King Arthur acquire the round table ? Answer : A Wedding gift
Question : How did Karmuala Searlel - an early Tarzan die ? Answer : Mauled by Elephant
Question : How did Joy Friedericke Victoria Adamson die in 1985 ? Answer : Murdered in Kenya
Question : How did George II die ? Answer : Fell off toilet
Question : How did folk singer Roy Harper catch Toxoplasmosis ? Answer : Kiss of life - to a
Question : How did Dr Watson's first wife die ? Answer : Diphtheria
Question : How did camerawoman Lee Lyon die while working ? Answer : Charged by Elephant
Question : How did Bunito Mussolini ward off the evil eye ? Answer : Touch his testicles
Question : How did Buffalo Bill stick to one glass whisky a day ? Answer : Quart glass
Question : How did Bobby Beach - broke all bones over Niagara in barrel die ? Answer : Slipped Banana skin
Question : How did Billie Holiday get the nickname Lady ? Answer : Refused to pickup tips
Question : How did Attila the Hun die on honeymoon ? Answer : Booze - Honeymoon
Question : How did Alfred Nobel make his money ? Answer : He invented Dynamite
Question : How - two thieves convicted 1984 executed in Sudan Aug 1990 ? Answer : Crucified
Question : Hotfoot Teddy was the original name of what icon ? Answer : Smokey the Bear
Question : Horses are Equine from the Greek Equus what's it mean ? Answer : Quickness
Question : Horseradish sauce originated in which country ? Answer : Japan
Question : Horse statue - mounted man - on two legs - how man die ? Answer : Killed in Battle
Question : Horse brasses - on dreyhorses - originally what purpose ? Answer : Charms - ward off evil
Question : Honi soit qui mal y pence is the motto of what organisation ? Answer : Order of the Garter
Question : Homichloriphobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Fog
Question : Holland 1634 1000lb cheese 4 ox 8 pigs 12 sheep bed 1 what ? Answer : Viceroy Tulip Bulb
Question : Holiday resort of Marmaris is in what country ? Answer : Turkey
Question : Holden Caulfield - Catcher in the Rye - where JD Sal get name ? Answer : Movie marquee W
Question : Hokusai and Hiroshige were famous Japanese what ? Answer : Artists
Question : Hitihita is a character in what book and film ? Answer : Mutiny on the Bounty
Question : Hitchcock film he did not appear Lifeboat 1944 who female star ? Answer : Tallulah Bankhead
Question : Hitchcock appears in a newspaper in Lifeboat who wrote book ? Answer : John Steinbeck
Question : His campaign slogan was vote for AuH20 whats his name ? Answer : Barry Goldwater
Question : Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Big words
Question : Hippophagic society members support what ? Answer : Eating horsemeat
Question : Hippoglossus-hippoglossus is which common sea fish ? Answer : Halibut
Question : Hipopota Agravis or guasano is what in Mexican Tequila ? Answer : Not Worm - Butterfly
Question : Hindu religion Batavia is an incarnation of Vishnu in what form ? Answer : A Fish
Question : Highway 9 is the official name of what thoroughfare ? Answer : Broadway New York
Question : Hierosolymitan is of Greek origin and pertains to what city ? Answer : Jersualem
Question : Hibernia was the Roman name for which country ? Answer : Ireland
Question : HG Wells invisible man had what physical oddity ? Answer : Albino
Question : Hey Big Spender comes from what musical ? Answer : Sweet Charity
Question : Herodotus the Greek is known as the father of what ? Answer : History
Question : Hermes, Symphony and Anik are all what ? Answer : Com satellites
Question : Herman Zapf designed what ? Answer : Dingbats font
Question : Here we go round the mulberry bush - what was original bush ? Answer : Tree in Wakefield
Question : Here comes the judge is from what TV show ? Answer : Rowan and Martins
Question : Hercules performed twelve labours what was number seven ? Answer : Capture of the Cretan
Question : Hercules had to clean the stables in one night - whose ? Answer : Aegean Stables
Question : Herbert Charles Angelo Kuchacevich ze Schluderpacheri - who ? Answer : Herbert Lom
Question : Herb Caen is credited with inventing what word ? Answer : Beatnik
Question : Hera in Greece Juno in Rome Goddesses of what ? Answer : Childbirth
Question : Henry Harley Arnold was the first US pilot to do what ? Answer : Carry Mail
Question : Henry Fords first car lacked something we expect - what ? Answer : Reverse gear
Question : Henry Ford used assembly line in 1908 but someone before 1901 ? Answer : Ransome Olds
Question : Henri Charrier is better known by what nickname ? Answer : Papillion - The
Question : Hemmingway's Old Man and the Sea is set in which country ? Answer : Cuba
Question : Hemmingway said there's only 3 sports Bullfighting Car Racing ? ? Answer : Mountaineering
Question : Hemeroticism is what ? Answer : Sexual fantasy
Question : Helsinki 52, Melbourne 56 , Rome 60 what comes next ? Answer : Tokyo 64 - venues
Question : Helen Mitchell became famous as what soprano ? Answer : Nellie Melba
Question : Heinrich the lion founded what city ? Answer : Munich
Question : Heinrich Schliemann archaeologist famous for excavating where ? Answer : Troy
Question : Hedera Helix is better known by what name ? Answer : Ivy
Question : Hebrew comes from a Babylonian word meaning what ? Answer : Vagrant
Question : Hebrew and what are the official languages in Israel ? Answer : Arabic
Question : Hearts bells leaves and acorns card suits which country ? Answer : Germany
Question : He was R C Robinson in 1948 what name famous as now ? Answer : Ray Charles
Question : He died 28th July 1750 and had 20 children 6 survived name him ? Answer : Johan Sebastian Bach
Question : Hawaiian Pia Polish Piwo Hungarian Sor - what is it ? Answer : Beer
Question : Hathor was the Egyptian goddess of what ? Answer : The Sky
Question : Hathor Egyptian, Branwen Celtic, Frigga Norse Goddess of what ? Answer : Love
Question : Hashimoto's disease is the malfunctioning of which gland ? Answer : Thyroid
Question : Harvey Lee Yeary II became famous under what name ? Answer : Lee Majors
Question : Harvard University was originally called what ? Answer : Cambridge Harvard
Question : Harry S Truman and Gerald Ford what's the non obvious link ? Answer : Left handed
Question : Harry Rosoll created which famous bear ? Answer : Smokey the Bear
Question : Harry Patterson is the real name of which author ? Answer : Jack Higgins
Question : Harry Longbaugh became better known under what name ? Answer : The Sundance Kid
Question : Harry Alan Robert Stewart made redundant Britain 1960s Job ? Answer : Official Hangman
Question : Harrods was the first UK store to install what ? Answer : An escalator
Question : Harrison Ford played CIA agent Jack Ryan - who else has ? Answer : Alec Baldwin
Question : Harp, Elephant and Leopard all types of what ? Answer : Seal
Question : Harold the Fairhead was the first supreme ruler of where ? Answer : Norway
Question : Harold Sakata was badly burned playing what character ? Answer : Odd Job in Goldfinger
Question : Harold Leek became famous as who ? Answer : Howard Keel
Question : Harold J Smith a Canadian changed name famed as sidekick ? Answer : Jay Silverheels Tonto
Question : Harold H Lipman received a patent in 1858 for what invention ? Answer : Gluing a rubber on a
Question : Harold H Hilton only Englishman to do what in golf in 1911 ? Answer : Won UK and US open
Question : Harold Edgerton has taken all the worlds photos of what ? Answer : US nuclear bomb
Question : Harmatophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Sexual Incompetence
Question : Hari-Kari is vulgar name Seppuku - what's it literally mean ? Answer : Belly Splitting
Question : Hares, cats, toads, newts, owls, ferrets all accused of what ? Answer : Being witches
Question : Happy Days was a spin off from what US TV show ? Answer : Love American Style
Question : Hans Steininger had the world longest what - that killed him ? Answer : Beard - Tripped over
Question : Hans Lippershey made the worlds first practical what ? Answer : Microscope
Question : Hans Christian Anderson had what job before writing ? Answer : Actor
Question : Hanoi stands on the Song-Koi - what's it mean ? Answer : Red River
Question : Hannibal had only one what ? Answer : Eye after Rome attack
Question : Hank Ballard and the Midnights first released what in 1960 ? Answer : The Twist
Question : Handel's Largo comes from which opera ? Answer : Xerxes
Question : Handel's Harmonious Blacksmith was written for what instrument ? Answer : Harpsichord
Question : Handel's Harmonious Blacksmith is played on what instrument ? Answer : Harpsichord
Question : Hamlet, Macbeth Othello which Shakespeare tragedy is missing ? Answer : King Lear
Question : Hamida Djandoubi in 1977 was the last one - what ? Answer : Person Guillotined in
Question : Hamburgers were invented in what country ? Answer : China
Question : Halophobia fear of what ? Answer : Speaking
Question : Half the worlds population has seen at least one what ? Answer : James Bond Film
Question : Half the population of China is what ? Answer : Short Sighted
Question : Halcyon is the poetic name for which bird ? Answer : Kingfisher
Question : Halcyon is a poetic name used for what bird ? Answer : Kingfisher
Question : Hal Jordan was the original alter ego of which comic super hero ? Answer : Green Lantern now
Question : Hack - Hog Line - House are terms in what sport ? Answer : Curling
Question : Ha'aretz is a newspaper in which country ? Answer : Israel
Question : H14 N2 is a poisonous alkaloid consumed daily by millions what ? Answer : Nicotine
Question : Gynelophilous people get aroused from what ? Answer : Pubic Hair
Question : Gynecomania is what compulsion ? Answer : Female sex partners
Question : Gwizador in Poland is who in English ? Answer : Santa Claus
Question : Gus Wickie Pinto Colvig William Pennell Jackson Beck - Link ? Answer : Bluto in Popeye
Question : Guru Nanak founded which religion ? Answer : Sikhism
Question : Gulyas soup is a delicacy in what country ? Answer : Hungary
Question : Guiseppe Verdi wrote Aida - in what city was it premiered ? Answer : Cairo
Question : Grunge music originated in which American city ? Answer : Seattle
Question : Growing Up Skipper Mattel doll 1970 what happened arm turned ? Answer : Breasts Grew
Question : Grolsch lager comes from what country ? Answer : Holland
Question : Grilled on a Ploughshare literal meaning what Japanese dish ? Answer : Sukiyaki
Question : Greyhound racing in UK what colour does the No one dog wear ? Answer : Red
Question : Grevys and Burchells are types of what animal ? Answer : Zebra
Question : Gregorys powder is a type of what ? Answer : Laxative
Question : Gregory Pincus, John Rock, Gerhart Domangk developed what ? Answer : Oral Contraceptive
Question : Gregory Peck played Lt Joe Clements in what 1950s film ? Answer : Pork Chop Hill
Question : Greenmantle, Three Hostages, Island of Sheep which character ? Answer : Richard Hannay
Question : Greeks Romans regarded what herb as symbol immortality ? Answer : Tansy
Question : Greeks longest, Japans shortest and Saudi Arabia none what? ? Answer : National Anthem
Question : Greek Roman Apollo Babylonian Marduk Indian Vishnu gods ? ? Answer : Healing
Question : Greek mythology women of Lemnos did what to their husbands ? Answer : Murder
Question : Greek mythology which character was raised by centaur Chiron ? Answer : Jason - of Argonauts
Question : Greek mythology what underground river souls drink and forget ? Answer : Lethe
Question : Greek mythology King Minos of Crete got what annual payment ? Answer : 7 men + Women to
Question : Greek Myth Clotho spun Lachesis measured Atropos cut what ? Answer : Thread of a mans life
Question : Greek mathematician cylinder enclosed sphere carved on grave ? Answer : Archimedes
Question : Great Brother is the Chinese translation of which drug ? Answer : Viagra
Question : Grande and Chico are versions of what Spanish activity ? Answer : Flamenco dancing
Question : Grand Turk is the name of the ship - where would you see it ? Answer : Old Spice cologne
Question : Graham McPherson changed his name to what ? Answer : Suggs from Madness
Question : Graham Kerr became famous under what nickname ? Answer : Galloping Gourmet
Question : Graham Hill won 1968 world championship in which make of car ? Answer : Lotus
Question : Grace Robin was the first model - to model what in 1930 ? Answer : Contact Lenses
Question : Grace Metalious wrote which famous novel (and TV show) ? Answer : Peyton Place
Question : Goyanthlay (one who yawns) famed under what Mexican name ? Answer : Geronimo
Question : Gossima was the original name of what game ? Answer : Table Tennis
Question : Goose Flats changed its name to what US city ? Answer : Tombstone Arizona
Question : Goodfellow's Lumholtz's and Bennett's type of what animal ? Answer : Tree Kangaroo
Question : Good King Wenceslas was the King of which country ? Answer : Bohemia (Germany)
Question : Gone to Texas by Forest Carter is the basis for what film ? Answer : The Outlaw Josey
Question : Gondolas in Venice are traditionally what colour ? Answer : Black
Question : Golden and Argus are varieties of what bird ? Answer : Pheasant
Question : Goldaming in Surrey was the first English town to have what ? Answer : Electric street lighting
Question : Gold Discs Platinum Discs but who won first Rhodium Disc ? Answer : Paul McCartney
Question : Goddess sprang full grown from the forehead of her father Zeus ? Answer : Athena
Question : Gobo was the male cousin of which Disney character ? Answer : Bambi
Question : Goa used to be a colony of which nation ? Answer : Portugal
Question : Glycyrrhiza Glabra is better known as what ? Answer : Liquorice
Question : Glen Morris was the last Olympic gold medallist to do what 1938 ? Answer : Act Tarzan in Tarzans
Question : Gladys Mary Smith became famous under what name ? Answer : Mary Pickford
Question : Gjetost is the national cheese of what country ? Answer : Norway
Question : Girls name can mean big fruit basket or a meeting whaling captains ? Answer : Molly
Question : Giovidi is what day in Italian ? Answer : Thursday
Question : Gin Triple Sec (quantreau) and pineapple juice what cocktail ? Answer : Aloha
Question : Gin - lemon Juice - Sugar - Soda make what cocktail ? Answer : Tom Collins
Question : Giacomo Agostini - 122 Grand Prix 15 world titles what sport ? Answer : Motorcycle Racing
Question : Gertrude Ederlie (USA) was the first woman to do what ? Answer : Swim English
Question : Gerry Dawsy became more famous as who ? Answer : Englebert
Question : Germans call a WW1 sea fight Battle of Skagerrak what in UK ? Answer : Battle of Jutland
Question : German wine is made from mainly what grape ? Answer : Riesling
Question : German mapmaker Martin Waldseemuller named what ? Answer : America - after
Question : German kids wear what round neck for good luck on New Year ? Answer : Pretzels
Question : German film of the 1920s starred Max Schreck as a vampire ? Answer : Nosferatu
Question : Gerald Thomas directed what series of films ? Answer : Carry on Films
Question : Gerald Gardner in the 50s founded which pagan organisation ? Answer : Wicker
Question : Geotropism affects what ? Answer : Plants its gravity
Question : Georgius Panayiotou became famous under what name (both) ? Answer : George Michael
Question : Georges Claude invented what in 1911 ? Answer : Neon lights
Question : George Washington Thomas Jefferson Sam Adams all did what ? Answer : Brewed own beer
Question : George Washington carried a portable what ? Answer : Sundial
Question : George W Trendle and Fran Striker created what Western hero ? Answer : The Lone Ranger
Question : George V1 Mozart Al Jolson Casanova - which organisation ? Answer : Freemasons
Question : George the boys name means what ? Answer : Farmer
Question : George Simenon created Maigret - what nationality was he ? Answer : Belgian
Question : George Lazenby played James Bond once in which film ? Answer : On Her Majesty's
Question : George Jung of Los Angeles in 1916 invented what ? Answer : Fortune Cookies
Question : George Hoy-Booth became famous as who ? Answer : George Formby
Question : George C Scott - what does the C stand for ? Answer : Campbell
Question : George Bush removed what from the White House menus ? Answer : Broccoli
Question : George Armstrong Custer was court martialed in 1867 for what ? Answer : Hit a fellow officer
Question : Geococcyx Californicus is what (cartoon) animal ? Answer : Road Runner
Question : Genuphobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Knees
Question : Geniophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Chins
Question : Geneva stands on what river ? Answer : Rhone
Question : Generally cornflowers are what colour ? Answer : Blue
Question : Gene Kelly Michael York Joss Ackland all played who ? Answer : D'Artagan
Question : Gene Hackman sheriff Big Whiskey - got Oscar - What film ? Answer : Unforgiven
Question : Gemellus is a fancy name for what ? Answer : Testicles
Question : Gean, Northern bird and Dwarf all types of what ? Answer : Cherry Tree
Question : Gavrilo Princip assassinated who ? Answer : Archduke Ferdinand
Question : Gaur, Gayal, Banteng and Kouprey are types of what ? Answer : Wild Cattle
Question : Gary Boker Bobby Harrison Ray Rodger were in what pop group ? Answer : Procul Harem
Question : Garnet is the birthstone of January - what does it symbolise ? Answer : Truth - consistency
Question : Garlic and Chives belong to which plant family ? Answer : Lilly
Question : Games Slater invented what ? Answer : Fibreglass
Question : Galt MacDermot wrote what 1967 musical stage show ? Answer : Hair
Question : Gail Borden invented what food item ? Answer : Condensed Milk
Question : Gabriel Fallopius is credited with inventing what ? Answer : Condoms
Question : Gabbro is which type of rock ? Answer : Igneous
Question : G Roddenbery Star Trek 2 radical ideas Spock's Ears and what ? Answer : Woman second in
Question : Furritus Latin for little thieves is the name for which creature ? Answer : Ferrets
Question : Funeral March of a Marionette theme tune to what old TV show ? Answer : Alfred Hitchcock
Question : Fundador is a potent brandy made in what country ? Answer : Spain
Question : Fulton John Short - Later John Fulton first US to do what ? Answer : Qualify as Matador
Question : Fuggles and Goldings are varieties of what ? Answer : Hops
Question : FT (London) Dow Jones (USA) what is Japans Share Index called ? Answer : Nikkei
Question : Frosties Tony the Tiger had a Son Tony Jr and a daughter name ? Answer : Antoinette
Question : From which plant do we get linseed oil ? Answer : Flax
Question : From which modern country did the Franks come ? Answer : Germany
Question : From which country does spinach originate ? Answer : Iran
Question : From which country did the original vandals come ? Answer : Germany
Question : From which alphabet do all western alphabets originate ? Answer : Phoenician
Question : From what modern country does damask come from ? Answer : Syria
Question : From what language does the word alphabet come ? Answer : Greek -alpha beta
Question : From what country does the Elkhound originate ? Answer : Norway
Question : From what country does the dish skordalia come ? Answer : Greece
Question : From what country does soave wine originally come ? Answer : Italy
Question : From the Greek meaning apple what do we call this fruit ? Answer : Melon
Question : From the Earth to the sun is one AU what does AU stand for ? Answer : Astronomical Unit
Question : From the bull what colour is fourth on an archery target ? Answer : Black
Question : From Memphis restaurants its illegal to take what away ? Answer : Any Pie
Question : From Here to Eternity gets its name from a poem by who ? Answer : Tennyson
Question : Frodo Baggins was the first to enter Britain using what ? Answer : Pet Passport he was a
Question : Fritz Von Werra was the only German pilot WW2 to do what ? Answer : Escape - The one that got away
Question : Frigophobia fear of what ? Answer : Being Cold
Question : Fried fish lettuce spinach is a traditional Xmas eve meal where ? Answer : Armenia
Question : Fried Chicken Strawberry Shortcake trad Xmas eve meal where ? Answer : Japan
Question : Freyr was the Norse god of what ? Answer : Fertility
Question : French word meaning growth is applied to top quality wines ? Answer : Cru
Question : French riot police were ordered to the Rivera to deal with what ? Answer : Hundreds topless
Question : French revolution what did the prisoners travel to the guillotine in ? Answer : Tumbrels
Question : French racing driver Jean Behra kept a spare what in his pocket ? Answer : Plastic right ear
Question : French novelist - nearly 100 books all La Comedie Humaine ? Answer : Honor'e de Balzac
Question : French in tennis love means zero but what did it originally mean ? Answer : Eggs
Question : French German Italian 3 official languages Switzerland what 4th ? Answer : Romansch
Question : French artist Edward Degas noted for what particular subject ? Answer : Ballet Dancers
Question : French artist Aquabouse paints cows in what material ? Answer : Cow shit
Question : Fredrick Sanger discovered which medical life saver ? Answer : Insulin
Question : Fredrick Bulsara was the lead singer of what pop group ? Answer : Queen - Freddie
Question : Frederick Austerlitz became famous as who ? Answer : Fred Astair
Question : Fred Waller patented what sporting equipment ? Answer : Water Skis
Question : Fred Silverman invented the name Scooby Do named after who ? Answer : Frank Sinatra
Question : Frass is the correct word for what ? Answer : Insect faces - bug shit
Question : Franz Liszt was the farther in law of what composer ? Answer : Richard Wagner
Question : Franz Kafka wrote in German what nationality was he ? Answer : Czeck
Question : Franz Halls The Laughing Cavalier - what's the paintings real title ? Answer : Portrait of a man
Question : Franklin was a US state till 1796 what's it now called ? Answer : Tennessee
Question : Frankfurt stands on what river ? Answer : Main
Question : Frank Vos Bob Seagren Wolfgang Nordwig all held what ? Answer : Pole vault record
Question : Frank Sinatra John Wayne Paul Newman rejected what role ? Answer : Dirty Harry Callahan
Question : Frank Oz was the voice of who ? Answer : Miss Piggy in the
Question : Frank Heyes 1923 on Sweet Kiss only jockey ever to do what ? Answer : Win a race after death
Question : Frank Gorshin played what role in a 60s series films ? Answer : The Riddler
Question : Frank and Jesse James father had what job ? Answer : Minister
Question : Francis Octavia Smith rode Buttercup in 1950s TV who was she ? Answer : Dale Evans Mrs Roy
Question : Francis Galton first classified what ? Answer : Fingerprints
Question : Francesco Seraglio invented what in Australia in early 1960s ? Answer : The Woolmark logo
Question : France named it Chapeau Melon et Bottes de Cuir what UK ? Answer : The Avengers
Question : France Chevalier Germany Ritter Spain Caballero what English ? Answer : Knight
Question : France and which country contested first ever world cup match ? Answer : Mexico
Question : Fran Philps of Canada was the first woman to do what ? Answer : Reach the North Pole
Question : Fragrant Harbour is the translation of which cities name ? Answer : Hong Kong
Question : Ford Prefect came from a star in which constellation ? Answer : Orion (Betelgeuse)
Question : For which Olympic athletic event is there no official world record ? Answer : Marathon same
Question : For which game would you win the Plimpton Cup ? Answer : Backgammon
Question : For which company did Elvis Costello program computers ? Answer : Elizabeth Arden
Question : For what would you use zener cards ? Answer : To test for ESP
Question : For what would an Edgar be awarded or won ? Answer : Mystery Writing
Question : For what was Joan of Arc made a Saint ? Answer : Her Virginity
Question : For what sport is the Camanachd cup contested ? Answer : Shinty
Question : For what purpose was the chow chow dog originally bred ? Answer : As food or Chow
Question : For what is spirits of salt another name ? Answer : Hydrochloric acid
Question : For $150 you can become a licensed what in Texas ? Answer : Dead animal hunter
Question : Food served nivernaise has what ingredient ? Answer : Carrots
Question : Flying fish is the national dish of which country ? Answer : Barbados
Question : Fluctat nec Mergitor - Wave tossed but not sunk - Cities Motto ? Answer : Paris
Question : Flower of the blessed night is the local name of which plant ? Answer : Poinsettia
Question : Florinzel is a character in which Shakespeare play ? Answer : The Winters Tale
Question : Florence Nightingale took what cos she was around young men ? Answer : Bromide
Question : Florence Nightingale Graham better known as who ? Answer : Elizabeth Arden
Question : Flies and humans can both get which condition ? Answer : Athletes Foot
Question : Five tons are mined annually - five tons of what ? Answer : Diamonds
Question : Five out of six of the Village people have got what ? Answer : Moustaches
Question : Five named Beatles on Abbey Road cover J P G R and who ? Answer : Volkswagen
Question : FITA are the governing body of what sport ? Answer : Archery
Question : First used in Salt Lake 1980s what was a jarvik ? Answer : Artificial heart
Question : First public supply in Britain from river Wey in 1881 what ? Answer : Electricity
Question : First Impressions was the original title of what classic novel ? Answer : Pride and Prejudice
Question : First feature film US TV Heart of New York what was subject ? Answer : Washing machine
Question : First Defence, In Home or Second Attack positions what sport ? Answer : Lacrosse
Question : First comic book character to return from death by demand is? ? Answer : Joker in Batman
Question : First ad on Radio Luxemburg 1930s for Bible Beans - which are? ? Answer : Laxatives
Question : Firefly, Longhorn, Harlequin and Tortoise types of what ? Answer : Beetles
Question : Fire bellied Spadefoot and Midwife are all types of what ? Answer : Toads
Question : Fiochetti is what shaped pasta ? Answer : Bows
Question : Fingal O'Flaherty Wills is better knows as who ? Answer : Oscar Wilde
Question : Finally a good old body sound where is Farta ? Answer : Nigeria
Question : FINA is the governing body of what amateur sport ? Answer : Swimming
Question : Film The Dead Heat Merry go Round 60s what stars first 1 line ? Answer : Harrison Ford
Question : Film character played by 4 people head body voice breathing ? Answer : Darth Vader
Question : Film based PK Dick story We can remember it for you wholesale ? Answer : Total Recall
Question : Fidelity Bravery Integrity is which organisations motto ? Answer : FBI
Question : FIDE govern what game ? Answer : Chess
Question : Fescue, Foxtail, Ruppia and Quitch are types of what ? Answer : Grass
Question : Fescue is a generic type of what ? Answer : Grass
Question : Female bathing caps were invented to prevent what ? Answer : Clogged up Drains
Question : Felix Salten wrote which Disney cartoon ? Answer : Bambi
Question : Felix Hoffman discovered the worlds first synthetic drug 1897? ? Answer : Aspirin
Question : Feline cats - Bovine Cows - Aquiline what ? Answer : Eagle
Question : Feijoada is the national dish of what country ? Answer : Brazil
Question : Federal law prohibits the recycling of used - what in USA ? Answer : Eyeglasses
Question : February 25th 1990 what was banned in the US ? Answer : Smoking on all
Question : February 21st 1878 the first what was published in New Haven ? Answer : Telephone Directory
Question : February 1999 what was the fastest growing religion in the US ? Answer : Sikh
Question : February 1865 only month ever not to have what ? Answer : Full Moon
Question : FDA regard 5 Fruit fly maggots 3oz per can acceptable - what ? Answer : Canned Mushrooms
Question : Fatty Arbuckle was the first filmed recipient of what in 1913 ? Answer : Custard Pie
Question : Fatima is a Christian shrine pilgrimage place in which country ? Answer : Portugal
Question : Farok Pluto Bulsara became more famous as who ? Answer : Freddie Mercury
Question : Farina is Italian for what ? Answer : Flour
Question : Fanny Crosby wrote over 8000 of these - what ? Answer : Hymns
Question : Fangio the greatest ever F1 driver once had what job ? Answer : Bus Driver
Question : Famous fictional character first appeared in Meet the Tiger 1928 ? Answer : Simon Templar Saint
Question : Famous book divided into three parts Mosques Caves Temples ? Answer : Passage to India
Question : Famous 20th century novel is set mainly on fictional Pianosa ? Answer : Catch 22
Question : Family lived small farm Walnut Grove Plumb Creek Minnesota ? Answer : Ingles - Little House
Question : Fallstaff first appears in what Shakespeare play ? Answer : Henry IV part 1
Question : Faith Hope Charity Fortitude Justice Prudence what's missing ? Answer : Temperance
Question : Fado is a musical style popular in which country ? Answer : Portugal
Question : Facts, Briefs, Destiny and Chance were early names for what ? Answer : Time Magazine
Question : Fabled creature Head Man Body Lion Tail Scorpion Pork quills ? Answer : Manticore
Question : Ezekiel, Jeremiah, Eli and Isaiah were all what in The Bible ? Answer : Prophets
Question : Eye for Eye - Tooth For Tooth what comes next ? Answer : Hand 4 Hand - Foot 4
Question : Exodus and which Bible book list the ten commandments ? Answer : Deuteronomy
Question : Excluding the what word appears most in Bond film titles ? Answer : Never
Question : Excluding religious works what is the worlds top selling book ? Answer : Guinness Book of
Question : Excluding cars what the most commonly used 4 wheel devices ? Answer : Supermarket Trolleys
Question : Except Australia 1 New Zealand 1 USA all since 1870 want? ? Answer : America's Cup
Question : Evidence of what alternative treatment found in 5300 mummy ? Answer : Acupuncture
Question : Evidence of the first recorded brothel was found in which city ? Answer : Athens Greece
Question : Every year there's a ton of it for every person in the world - what ? Answer : Cement poured
Question : Every year 8800 people injure themselves with what ? Answer : Toothpick
Question : Every year 30000 US people are seriously injured by what ? Answer : Exercise equipment
Question : Every year 11000 Americans are injured doing what ? Answer : Trying out bizarre sex
Question : Every ship in the Royal Navy have customised what ? Answer : Zippo Lighters
Question : Every day in the US people steal $20000 from where ? Answer : Vending machines
Question : Every day 2700 Americans find out what ? Answer : They have gonorrhoea
Question : Every citizen of Kentucky must do what by law annually ? Answer : Take a bath
Question : Every 12 seconds in USA someone does what in a Holiday Inn ? Answer : Steals a towel
Question : Everest climb 1953 put flags UK UN Nepal and where on top ? Answer : India
Question : Evening Star no 92220 was the last what ? Answer : Steam Loco built by
Question : Evangeline Booth became the first woman general in what army ? Answer : Salvation Army
Question : Eva Shain was the first woman to do what ? Answer : Judge pro heavy
Question : Europhobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Female Genitals
Question : Eureka - is the state motto of what state ? Answer : California
Question : Eunectes Murinus largest of its kind in South America - what ? Answer : Annoconda
Question : ET drank which brand of beer ? Answer : Coors
Question : Estimated there are 4 100 million billion molecules cubic inch what ? Answer : Air
Question : Estelle Parsons best supporting actress Oscar what 1967 film ? Answer : Bonnie and Clyde
Question : Eskimo culture encourages male visitors to do what ? Answer : Sleep with hosts wife
Question : Escaping convicts used to drop what to throw dogs off the scent ? Answer : Red Herrings
Question : Ernest Hemmingway, Oscar Wilde, Ranier Maria Rilke - Common ? Answer : Mothers made them
Question : Ernest Hemmingway said what would protect against allergies ? Answer : Having lots of sex
Question : Ernest Evans became famous under what name ? Answer : Chubby Checker
Question : Ernest Breaux a chemist created which product in 1921 ? Answer : Channel No 5
Question : Erica is the Latin name for what shrub ? Answer : Heather
Question : Eric Claudin is better known by which eponymous title ? Answer : The Phantom of the
Question : Eric Arthur Blaire was the real name of which author ? Answer : George Orwell
Question : Equestrian, Yachting and what Olympic sport are sexes equal ? Answer : Shooting
Question : Equator's favourite dish is Seco de Chivo - what is it ? Answer : Goat stew on rice
Question : Epistemophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Knowledge
Question : Epistemology is the study of what ? Answer : Knowledge
Question : Epiphany Christian feast 6th Jan translates from Greek as what ? Answer : Manifestation
Question : Eonism is what sexual practice ? Answer : Cross Dressing
Question : Envoid was the first what in the USA ? Answer : Birth control pill
Question : Enterprise Alabama they erected a monument to which insect ? Answer : Boll weevil no cotton
Question : Enola Gay dropped the first A bomb - what plane dropped 2 ? Answer : Bocks Car
Question : Ennisophobia is fear of what ? Answer : Criticism
Question : Ennio Morricone wrote the music for what film series ? Answer : Good bad ugly etc
Question : Enid Blyton character name changed to white beard for PC USA ? Answer : Big Ears
Question : Englishman John Woodhouse created which fortified Italian wine ? Answer : Marsala
Question : English writer - Died Typhoid - Drank Paris water - Prove safe ? Answer : Arnold Bennett 1931
Question : English ships carried limes protect scurvy what US ships carry ? Answer : Cranberries
Question : English law males should do it 2 hours week watched by vicar ? Answer : Archery Practice
Question : English festival word from French literally Farewell to Flesh ? Answer : Carnival
Question : England its illegal for a lady to do what on a public conveyance ? Answer : Eat Chocolates
Question : England its illegal for a boy under 10 to see a naked what ? Answer : Mannequin
Question : Emperor Claudius passed a law legalising what at banquets ? Answer : Farting - for public
Question : Emmanual, Ambrose Diggs ? Answer :
Question : Emerald is the birth stone for which month ? Answer : May
Question : Emelio Marco Palma was the first to do what in 1978 ? Answer : Born in Antarctica
Question : Elwood Edwards voice is heard by AOL users - where ? Answer : Welcome and You
Question : Elvis Stojko was an ice skating word champion - what country ? Answer : Canada
Question : Elvis Presley said big what on a woman turned him off ? Answer : Feet
Question : Elvis Presley collected statues of what famous woman ? Answer : Joan of Arc
Question : Elvis Presley Adolf Hitler Errol Flynn all had what kinky habit ? Answer : Peeping Toms
Question : Elmo Lincoln was the screens first what 1918 ? Answer : Tarzan
Question : Ellen Marrenner became more famous as who ? Answer : Susan Hayward
Question : Elizabethan women had three what modest, rascal and secret ? Answer : Petticoats worn
Question : Elizabethan England what was Lift leg Dragons Milk Angel food ? Answer : Names for Beer
Question : Elizabeth I had anthrophobia what was she afraid of ? Answer : Roses
Question : Elizabeth Bennett is the central character in what novel ? Answer : Pride and Prejudice
Question : Electric, Perse and smalt shades of which colour ? Answer : Blue
Question : Elaine Bookbinder became more famous as who ? Answer : Elkie Brooks
Question : EL is the international aircraft letters of which country ? Answer : Liberia
Question : El Dago was the name of whose first private plane ? Answer : Frank Sinatra
Question : Ejaculation comes from the Latin meaning what ? Answer : Throwing Out
Question : Eisenhower trophy is given annually to what best amateur team ? Answer : Golf
Question : Einstein never wore what if he could avoid it ? Answer : Socks
Question : Ei-Hajj Malik Ei-Shabazz better known as who ? Answer : Malcolm X
Question : Eight bells on board a ship means what ? Answer : End of a watch
Question : Eight Arms To Hold You - working title - what movie ? Answer : Beatles Help
Question : Eiffel designed the Eiffel tower - what was his first name ? Answer : Gustave
Question : Eidology is the search for what ? Answer : Existence of Ghosts
Question : Egyptian embalmers replaced the bodies eyes with what ? Answer : Onions
Question : Egypt Masbout - Armenia Sourg - Japan Koohii what is it ? Answer : Coffee
Question : Egg Fu is the enemy of what super hero ? Answer : Wonder Woman
Question : Edwin Drake sank the first of them in 1859 - what were they ? Answer : Oil Wells
Question : Edward Whymper was the first to do what ? Answer : Climb Matterhorn
Question : Edward Teach became famous as who ? Answer : Blackbeard the Pirate
Question : Edward Ricardo Braithwait wrote what novel ? Answer : To Sir with Love
Question : Edward Hunter USA Journalist invented what term Korean war ? Answer : Brainwashing
Question : Edward de Bono - Maltese Doctor - developed what concept ? Answer : Lateral Thinking
Question : Edradour is the smallest one in Scotland - what ? Answer : Distillery
Question : Edmund Dante is what eponymous hero ? Answer : The Count of Monte
Question : Edith Knight wrote which classic story (later filmed) ? Answer : Lassie come home
Question : Edinburgh Castle stands on Arthur's Seat what was Arthur's seat ? Answer : Volcano
Question : Edgar Cuthwellis was option but the author chose another what ? Answer : Lewis Carrol
Question : Eddie Slovak only American to do what 31/01/1945 ? Answer : Executed desertion
Question : Eddie Irvine is contracted to drive for which car company in 2001 ? Answer : Jaguar
Question : Ecuador was named after who / what ? Answer : The Equator
Question : Ecophobia is a fear of what ? Answer : Home
Question : EAU international car registration plate which country ? Answer : Uganda
Question : Earl D Biggers created which oriental detective (both names) ? Answer : Charlie Chan
Question : Each day 3000 Americans do what for the first time ? Answer : Start Smoking
Question : E W Hornung created which fictional character ? Answer : Raffles
Question : E J Allen led spy team to South Civil war what name better known ? Answer : Alan Pinkerton
Question : E is the international car registration plate for which country ? Answer : Spain (Espania)
Question : E H Shepherd illustrated which series of stories ? Answer : Winnie the Pooh
Question : Dybowski's Formosa and Japanese are types of what ? Answer : Sika or Saki Deer
Question : Dwight Eisenhower was the first president to hold what ? Answer : Pilots Licence
Question : Duvali, Dushira and Holi are religious days in which religion ? Answer : Hindu
Question : During US recessions which group have the most unemployment ? Answer : Automobile assembly
Question : During their lifetime the average person eats four what ? Answer : Spiders in their sleep
Question : During menstruation the sensitivity of woman's what is reduced ? Answer : Middle Finger
Question : Durbarry is cream of a vegetable soup - what one ? Answer : Cauliflower
Question : Duffel bags were made in Duffel - what country ? Answer : Belgium
Question : Drakes Golden Hind was originally called what ? Answer : The Pelican
Question : Dragoon, Antwerp, Poulter, Tumbler, Horseman types of what ? Answer : Pigeon
Question : Dragon Stout is brewed in what city / country ? Answer : Kingston Jamaica
Question : Dr Teeth was the leader of the band Electric Mayhem - where ? Answer : The Muppet Show
Question : Dr Susan Lark recommend what cure for menstrual cramps ? Answer : Orgasm - increased
Question : Dr Seuss created the first animated TV ad for which company ? Answer : Ford
Question : Dr Ludwig L Zamenhof invented what 1887 Poland ? Answer : Esperanto
Question : Dr George Wander invented what drink in Switzerland 1860s ? Answer : Ovaltine
Question : Dr F Lanchester invented what motor safety aid in 1902 ? Answer : Disc Brakes
Question : Dr Deidrich Knickerbocker invented which famous character ? Answer : Rip Van Winkle
Question : Dr David Hessian 2nd Catherine Cookson what type his books ? Answer : Gardening
Question : Dr C W Long was the first to use what (anaesthetic) in 1842 ? Answer : Ether
Question : Dows, Grahams and Warres famous producers of what wine ? Answer : Port
Question : Down, husk, trace, trip all collective nouns what creature ? Answer : Hares
Question : Dover is the State Capitol of which US state ? Answer : Delaware
Question : Douglas Engelbart invented what - we all use it ? Answer : Mouse
Question : Douglas Adams said what is the best spacecraft propellant ? Answer : Bad News - it travels
Question : Double diamond, Croquet and Rover terms in which sport/game ? Answer : Croquet
Question : Dorothy Cavis-Brown made news at Wimbledon - why ? Answer : Lineswoman - slept in
Question : Dorethy Parker said "Scratch an actor and you will find" what ? Answer : An Actress
Question : Donald Baxter McMillan compiled the first what dictionary ? Answer : Eskimo - English
Question : Don Quixote was the man of La Mancha what's it in English ? Answer : The Stain
Question : Don Hoeffler coined what phrase in Electronic News in 1971 ? Answer : Silicon Valley
Question : Domingo is Spanish for what ? Answer : Sunday
Question : Domenikos Theotocopoulos born Crete - died Spain - who ? Answer : El Greco
Question : Dom Perignon invented champagne - what else ? Answer : Corks in bottles
Question : Doha is the capital of which gulf state ? Answer : Qatar
Question : Dodie Smith wrote what book (later filmed by Disney) ? Answer : 101 Dalmatians
Question : Dobby Selvages and Filling are terms used in which process ? Answer : Weaving
Question : Do This constantly 9 year 11month 3day 43 min power = A bomb what Pass Wind - Fart ? Answer :
Question : Do this 11 yr 6mn 18 day 12 min - power to heat a cup coffee ? Answer : What Shout
Question : Do ahashya da is Navaho for what ? Answer : I am Stupid
Question : Distinguished Information Cross is whose highest bravery award ? Answer : The CIA
Question : Distaff is the female family side - what is the male ? Answer : Spear
Question : Disney's Sleeping Beauty what is the name of the Queen witch ? Answer : Maleficent
Question : Disney's Pluto (nee Rover) was originally whose pet dog ? Answer : Minnie Mouse
Question : Disney question - who are Daisy Ducks three nieces ? Answer : April May June
Question : Dismus and Gestas were who ? Answer : Robbers next to Jesus
Question : Dish served A la Crecy is garnished with what ? Answer : Carrots
Question : Disgusting question - longest verified American one 12' 2" what ? Answer : Turd - over 2hrs 12
Question : Dionea Muscipula is the Latin name for which flesh eater ? Answer : Venus Fly Trap
Question : Dinner Time by Paul Terry was which cartoon first ? Answer : Talkie
Question : Dimitri Mendeleyev is credited with the discover of what ? Answer : Periodic Table
Question : Dik Browne is the author of which cartoon strip ? Answer : Hagar the Horrible
Question : Dick Turpin the highwayman served and apprenticeship as what ? Answer : Butcher
Question : Dick Tracy the comic strip started life as what name ? Answer : Plainclothes Tracy
Question : Dianne Fossy the naturalist is famed working with what animals ? Answer : Gorillas
Question : Diane Leather was the first woman to do what ? Answer : Sub 5 minute mile
Question : Diane Belmont became famous as who ? Answer : Lucille Ball
Question : Detroit, Skokie Illinois St Paul Minnesota what official instrument ? Answer : Accordion
Question : Detective Philip Marlow smokes what brand ? Answer : Camels
Question : Details of what can be found in The Blue Book ? Answer : US Aristocracy
Question : Desire for more cows is the translation what Sanskrit word ? Answer : War - same in
Question : Dermaptera are what species of insects ? Answer : Earwigs
Question : Derived from Greek what does alias literally mean ? Answer : Otherwise
Question : Depeche Mode the 80s groups name translates as what ? Answer : Fast Fashion
Question : Denzil Washington's first film as director was what ? Answer : Finding Fish
Question : Denis Gabor of Hungary 1971 Nobel prize for what invention ? Answer : Holograms
Question : Dendrologists worship what ? Answer : Trees
Question : Demetria Gene Guynes became famous as who ? Answer : Demi Moore
Question : Demeter was the Greek god of what (Ceres Roman) ? Answer : Harvest
Question : DELAG was the worlds first what Oct 16 1909 ? Answer : Airline - by Zeppelin
Question : Defecolagnia is sexual arousal from what act ? Answer : Crapping
Question : Declan McManus became famous as who ? Answer : Elvis Costello
Question : December 73 Switzerland has 6.6 million people 81 were what ? Answer : Unemployed
Question : De'cappo means what in music ? Answer : Repeat from start
Question : Debby Boone sang the No 1 song of the 70s name it ? Answer : You light up my life
Question : Dead mans hand was Aces and Eights plus which other card ? Answer : Queen of Hearts
Question : Deacon is church official from Greek what's it literally mean ? Answer : Servant
Question : De Witt Wallace founded what ? Answer : Readers Digest
Question : Daysypgal people suffer from what ? Answer : Hairy Arse
Question : Dawson City was replaced by Whitehorse as the capital where ? Answer : Yukon
Question : David Robert Hayward-Jones became famous as who ? Answer : David Bowie
Question : David kills Goliath in which book of the Bible ? Answer : Samuel
Question : David John Moore Cornwell became famous as who ? Answer : John Le Carre
Question : David Harold Mayer became famous as who ? Answer : David Janssen
Question : David Cornwell is better known as which author ? Answer : John Le Carr
Question : David Cook became famous as who ? Answer : David Essex
Question : Dari is a dialect of which language ? Answer : Persian - farsi
Question : Dantes Inferno what crime was done by those in the lowest level ? Answer : Betrayal
Question : Danny Zuko was a main character in what film ? Answer : Grease
Question : Danish variety caraway flavoured liquor driest and most famous ? Answer : Aquavit
Question : Daniel Keys wrote which 1959 Hugo award winning SF novel ? Answer : Flowers for Algernon
Question : Danes Overst Senap Spanish Marques de Marina what in UK ? Answer : Colonel Mustard
Question : Dandy Dinmont, Bedlington, Sealyham are what types of dog ? Answer : Terriers
Question : Dance with a Stranger was the film of who's life story ? Answer : Ruth Ellis
Question : Danakill tribe Ethiopia - mans grave 1 stone for each what he did ? Answer : Man Killed
Question : Dan Emmett a northerner wrote which song ? Answer : Dixie
Question : Dammen in Dutch is what game ? Answer : Draughts or Checkers
Question : Dalmatian dogs originated in which country ? Answer : Yugoslavia - Dalmatia
Question : Dalmatian dogs are born which colour or colours ? Answer : White - spots come
Question : Dallol Ethiopia has what claim to fame ? Answer : Worlds hottest
Question : Daisy Hawkins original name of which Beatles hit song ? Answer : Eleanor Rigby
Question : Daimants Sur Canape French translation of what film ? Answer : Breakfast at Tiffanys
Question : Dacca is the capital of which country ? Answer : Bangladesh
Question : D D Palmer was the worlds first what ? Answer : Chiropractor -
Question : Cyprieunia is sex with who or what ? Answer : A Prostitute
Question : Cyesolagnia is a fetish about what ? Answer : Pregnant women
Question : Cushat, Rock and Stock all types of which creature ? Answer : Doves
Question : Curtis Sliwa founded what in 1979 ? Answer : Guardian Angels
Question : Cum Granlo Salis is Latin for what phrase ? Answer : With a grain of salt
Question : Cultured pearls were first grown in which country ? Answer : Japan
Question : Cuffs and Buttons was a cocktail in the 19th century what it now ? Answer : Southern Comfort
Question : Crystallite is used in what sport ? Answer : Snooker - Pool balls
Question : Crystal City in Texas put up a statue to what cartoon character ? Answer : Popeye - they are
Question : Cry Freedom was Richard Attenborough's film about who ? Answer : Steve Biko
Question : Crown - Ring - Shank - Stock - Fluke parts of what ? Answer : Anchor
Question : Crossair originated in what European country ? Answer : Switzerland
Question : Cross garnet, Strap, Butt and Back flap types of what ? Answer : Hinges
Question : Cross country, Riding, Swimming, Fencing what's missing ? Answer : Pistol Shoot Modern
Question : Cretinism is caused by a failure of what ? Answer : Thyroid gland
Question : Crème de Menthe Crème de Cacao an light cream what drink ? Answer : Grasshopper
Question : Creed Prayer Alms Fasting Pilgrimage five pillars what religion ? Answer : Islam
Question : Credits on all Bond films finish with 4 words James Bond what ? Answer : James Bond will
Question : Crazy Horse and Sitting Bull were born in which US state ? Answer : South Dakota
Question : Crazy Horse and Custer shared what childhood name ? Answer : Curly
Question : Craven Walker invented what 60s fashionable icon ? Answer : Lava lamp
Question : Crab is the only named one in any Shakespeare play - what ? Answer : Dog - Two Gentlemen
Question : Cous-cous is Iranian for what ? Answer : Vagina
Question : Country singer Hank Wangford has what profession ? Answer : Gynaecologist
Question : Country singer Hank Wangford had what profession ? Answer : Gynaecologist
Question : Country celebrates Aug 11 as independence day from France ? Answer : Chad
Question : Countries name means Place where one struggles with God ? Answer : Israel
Question : Count de Grisly was the first to perform what trick in 1799 ? Answer : Saw woman in half
Question : Cosmetic brand gets it's name from Latin for as white as snow ? Answer : Nivea
Question : Corzetti is what shaped pasta ? Answer : Coin shaped
Question : Corson and Stoughton are the inventors of what ? Answer : CS Gas
Question : Corporals Henshaw and Barbella report to which sergeant ? Answer : Sergeant Bilko
Question : Cornbread, Turkey and Sweet potatoes made up the first what ? Answer : TV Dinner
Question : Corinthian Ionic and what are the orders of Greek architecture ? Answer : Doric
Question : Corie Ten Boom was the first licensed female what in Holland ? Answer : Watchmaker
Question : Corduroy literally translated means what ? Answer : Cloth of the King
Question : Coq Bang can be found in which country ? Answer : Vietnam
Question : Coprastastaphobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Constipation
Question : Copper gets its name from which Mediterranean country ? Answer : Cyprus where it was
Question : Copeland, Mason, Dux and Bow all types of what ? Answer : Pottery
Question : Contralto and Soprano are female voices what comes between ? Answer : Mezzo - soprano
Question : Consumption was the former name of which disease ? Answer : Tuberculosis
Question : Construction hard hats were first used on what project in 1933 ? Answer : Hoover Dam
Question : Confederate General William Smith carried what into battle ? Answer : A Blue Parasol
Question : Concetta Franconeri became more famous as who ? Answer : Connie Francis
Question : Complete the Quote "Alas! Poor Yorick! I knew him, ?" ? Answer : Horatio
Question : Complete advertising phrase from 1935 My Goodness ? Answer : My Guinness
Question : Common, English, Flemish, Running and Stack types of what ? Answer : Brick wall bonds -
Question : Common non domestic animal is not mentioned in the Bible ? Answer : Rats
Question : Common liquor in Alien Urine Sample, Napoleon, Blue Hawaiian ? Answer : Curacao
Question : Commandaria is a desert wine made for over 800 years - where ? Answer : Cyprus
Question : Comic strip character 1920s name means meek person in USA ? Answer : Casper Milquetoast
Question : Colonel Tom Parker Elvis's manager had what earlier act ? Answer : Dancing Chickens -
Question : Colonel Paul W Tibbets did it first - what ? Answer : Dropped Atom Bomb
Question : Colonel Jacob Schick invented what in 1928 in USA ? Answer : Electric Razor
Question : Colleen McCullough wrote which best selling book ? Answer : The Thorn Birds
Question : Collective nouns an erst of what creatures ? Answer : Bees
Question : Collective nouns a rhumba of what ? Answer : Rattlesnakes
Question : Collective nouns a rag of what ? Answer : Colts
Question : Collective nouns a group of geldings is called what ? Answer : A Brace
Question : Collective nouns a Blessing of what animal group ? Answer : Unicorn
Question : Collective nouns a bask of what creatures ? Answer : Crocodiles
Question : Collective nouns - which creatures are a clamour or building ? Answer : Rooks in a rookery
Question : Collective nouns - what's a group of photographers called ? Answer : A Click
Question : Collective nouns - what's a group of donkeys ? Answer : A Herd
Question : Collective nouns - what profession gather in a bench ? Answer : Bishops
Question : Collective nouns - what is a group of swans ? Answer : Herd or Bevy
Question : Collective nouns - what group af animals are a labour ? Answer : Moles
Question : Collective nouns - What are a group of greyhounds called ? Answer : A Leash
Question : Collective nouns - what are a group of apes called ? Answer : Shrewdness
Question : Collective nouns - Team Plump Flush Safe Smeath of what ? Answer : Ducks
Question : Collective nouns - An obstinacy of what ? Answer : Buffalos
Question : Collective nouns - an Array of what ? Answer : Hedgehogs
Question : Collective nouns - An array of what ? Answer : Hedgehogs
Question : Collective nouns - An army of what ? Answer : Caterpillars
Question : Collective nouns - An Army of what ? Answer : Frogs
Question : Collective nouns - A wiggle of what ? Answer : Tadpoles
Question : Collective nouns - A Troubling of what ? Answer : Goldfish
Question : Collective nouns - a Trip of what ? Answer : Goats
Question : Collective nouns - a tribe or trip of what ? Answer : Goats
Question : Collective nouns - A train of what ? Answer : Camels
Question : Collective nouns a Toc of ? Answer : what
Question : Collective nouns - A tiding of what ? Answer : Magpies
Question : Collective nouns - A sute of what ? Answer : Bloodhounds
Question : Collective nouns - a streak of which creatures ? Answer : Tigers
Question : Collective nouns - a streak of what ? Answer : Tigers
Question : Collective nouns - a spring of what ? Answer : Pheasants
Question : Collective nouns - a sneak of what animals ? Answer : Weasels
Question : Collective nouns - a smuck of what ? Answer : Jellyfish
Question : Collective nouns - A sleuth of what ? Answer : Bears
Question : Collective nouns - a siege of ? Answer : Herons
Question : Collective nouns - A shiver of what ? Answer : Sharks
Question : Collective nouns - a romp of what animals ? Answer : Otters
Question : Collective nouns - A parcel of what ? Answer : Hinds
Question : Collective nouns - a pace of what creatures ? Answer : Donkeys
Question : Collective nouns - A nye of what ? Answer : Pheasants
Question : Collective nouns - a mustering of what ? Answer : Storks
Question : Collective nouns - a leash of what ? Answer : Greyhounds
Question : Collective nouns - A leap of what ? Answer : Leopards
Question : Collective nouns - A Labour of what ? Answer : Moles
Question : Collective nouns - a knot of what ? Answer : Toads
Question : Collective nouns - A Husk of what ? Answer : Jackrabbits
Question : Collective nouns a Host of ? Answer : Sparrows
Question : Collective nouns - a hedge of what ? Answer : Herons
Question : Collective nouns - a group of what is a charm ? Answer : Goldfinches
Question : Collective nouns - a group of swans are called what ? Answer : A Bevy
Question : Collective nouns - a group of police officers ? Answer : A Mess
Question : Collective nouns - A group of beavers is what ? Answer : Colony
Question : Collective nouns - A glint of what ? Answer : Goldfish
Question : Collective nouns - a giggle of what animals ? Answer : Hyenas
Question : Collective nouns - A gang of what ? Answer : Elks
Question : Collective nouns - A Float of what ? Answer : Crocodiles
Question : Collective nouns - A family of what ? Answer : Sardines
Question : Collective nouns - A Fall of what ? Answer : Woodcocks
Question : Collective nouns - a Dule of what ? Answer : Doves
Question : Collective nouns - A Down or Husk of what animals ? Answer : Hares
Question : Collective nouns - A Desert of what ? Answer : Lapwings
Question : Collective nouns - A Descent of what creatures ? Answer : Woodpeckers
Question : Collective nouns - a descent of what ? Answer : Woodpeckers
Question : Collective Nouns - a Convocation of what ? Answer : Eagles
Question : Collective nouns - A congress or flange of what ? Answer : Baboons
Question : Collective nouns - A Congregation of what ? Answer : Plovers
Question : Collective nouns - A cloud of what ? Answer : Gnats
Question : Collective nouns - A Chatter of what ? Answer : Budgerigars
Question : Collective nouns - A Chair of what (tradesmen) ? Answer : Glass Blowers
Question : Collective Nouns - a Cast of what ? Answer : Falcons
Question : Collective nouns - A Business of what ? Answer : Flies and Ferrets
Question : Collective nouns - A bloat of what ? Answer : Hippotomi
Question : Collective nouns - a Barren of what ? Answer : Mules
Question : Collective nouns - A bale of what ? Answer : Turtles
Question : Colgate (the toothpaste) translates to what in Spanish ? Answer : Go hang yourself
Question : Col Meriweather Lewis Clark Jr developed rules for what in US ? Answer : Horseracing
Question : Cognac must be at least 5 years old before it's labelled what ? Answer : Napoleon
Question : Coco Channel a fashion star had what real first name ? Answer : Gabrielle
Question : Cockroaches will eat anything except what ? Answer : Cucumbers
Question : Cockney Rhyming slang what is Mutt (mutt and jeff) ? Answer : Deaf
Question : Cockney rhyming slang what is elephants (trunk) ? Answer : Drunk
Question : Coburn, Gordon Jackson, Angus McPhee among many others ? Answer :
Question : Clyde Tonbaugh discovered what planet in 1930 ? Answer : Pluto
Question : Clomipramine an anti depressant had what unusual side effect ? Answer : Orgasm when yawn
Question : Clinton Oklahoma see two having sex in car what's illegal you do ? Answer : If you Masturbate
Question : Clinophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Beds
Question : Climbing boys were banned what did sweeps drop down chimneys ? Answer : Live Chickens
Question : Cliff Richards She's so Beautiful who played every instrument ? Answer : Stevie Wonder
Question : Cleopatra sometimes wore a fake what ? Answer : Beard - for Official
Question : Clemintina Campbell famous as who ? Answer : Cleo Lane
Question : Clemantine Campbell became famous under what name ? Answer : Cleo Lane
Question : Classical seven ages of man Infant Schoolboy Lover what's next ? Answer : Soldier
Question : Clark Gable used to do it 4 or more times each day - do what ? Answer : Shower
Question : Clark Gable had what job before acting ? Answer : Telephone Repairman
Question : Clarence Birds Eye had what job ? Answer : Fur Trader
Question : Clamart means what food will be used in the dish ? Answer : Peas
Question : Citrus Grandis is the Latin name of which fruit ? Answer : Grapefruit
Question : Citius Altius Fortius is the motto of what organisation ? Answer : Olympic
Question : Cirrus is a cloud type - what literal translation of its Latin name ? Answer : Lock of Hair
Question : Cindy Crawford Elle Macpherson and Madonna all done what ? Answer : Appeared in Playboy
Question : Chysoprase is a shade of what primary colour ? Answer : Red
Question : Churchill, Iroquois, Owen and Smiths are all what ? Answer : Waterfalls
Question : Churchill It’s a Riddle wrapped in a Mystery in an Enigma what ? Answer : Russia
Question : Churches in Malta have two what ? Answer : Clocks right and
Question : Church law once mandated death for believing in what ? Answer : A vacuum
Question : Church bells of Maralnello Ring Sundays Public Hols and when ? Answer : Ferrari team win
Question : Chuck McKinley was the only American to do what in the 60s ? Answer : Win Wimbledon
Question : Chuck Berry Art Garfunkle Robert Redford had what job ? Answer : Carpenters
Question : Chu is the Chinese year of what animal ? Answer : Boar
Question : Chronos in Greek Saturnus in Roman Gods of what ? Answer : The Harvest
Question : Chrometrophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Money
Question : Christopher Proudfoot owns the worlds largest collection of what ? Answer : Lawnmowers
Question : Christopher Cockerel invented what ? Answer : Hovercraft
Question : Christobal Colon is better known as who ? Answer : Christopher Columbus
Question : Christine Jorgensen in 1952 was the worlds first what ? Answer : Sex Change Operation
Question : Christian Commercial Travellers' Association of America are who ? Answer : Gideons
Question : Choroti women are expected to do what during sex ? Answer : Spit in their partners
Question : Chopin played what instrument as a child ? Answer : Piano
Question : Choo Kiko Wapi - what have I asked in Swahili ? Answer : Where is the toilet
Question : Chokan Moyogi Shakan Han Kengai and Kengai styles of what ? Answer : Bonsai - styles
Question : Chogori is better know by what boring name ? Answer : K2
Question : Chocolate crisp introduced in 1935 was renamed what 1937 ? Answer : Kit Kat
Question : Chloe the girls name means what ? Answer : Green shoot
Question : Chiuhauha dogs were originally bred for what ? Answer : Tasty meat
Question : Chinese cooking what's special about Wolfs hearts Dogs lungs ? Answer : Only things not used
Question : Chinese call it little mouse, Danes Swedes elephants trunk? ? Answer : The @ sign
Question : Chinese bean sprouts are usually the sprouts of which bean ? Answer : Mung bean
Question : China Sun-Fin-Chin, Russia bayan, Norway trekspill what is it ? Answer : Accordion
Question : China 300 bc you could not speak to the Emperor without what ? Answer : Clove in your mouth
Question : Chimpanzees, gorillas and orang-utans what is missing ? Answer : Gibbons
Question : Children take SATs what does SAT stand for ? Answer : Standard assessment
Question : Chicago comes from a native Indian word that means what ? Answer : Place that smells bad
Question : Chi is the Chinese year of what ? Answer : Cock
Question : Cheval-vapeur in France is equal to what in English ? Answer : Horse power
Question : Chernoble is in which Russian province ? Answer : Ukraine
Question : Cher Ami saved the Lost Battalion in 1918 what was it ? Answer : Pigeon
Question : Cher Ami a homing pigeon won the DSC and had what item ? Answer : A Wooden Leg
Question : Cheers exterior shots featured a real bar - what's it name ? Answer : Bull & Finch
Question : Chase and Sandborn first sold what in tins in the US ? Answer : Coffee
Question : Charles Stratton became famous as what circus act ? Answer : Tom Thumb
Question : Charles S Stratton became famous as who ? Answer : General Tom Thumb
Question : Charles Portis wrote the novel of the film John Wayne's Oscar ? Answer : True Grit
Question : Charles Jung invented what in America ? Answer : Fortune Cookies
Question : Charles Henry Stuard Gmelin was the first UK what 6 Apr 1896 ? Answer : Olympic competitor
Question : Charles Duff wrote the macabre Handbook of what ? Answer : Hanging
Question : Charles Conrad took a cassette to the moon on Apollo 11 who ? Answer : Jerry Lee Lewis
Question : Charles Bronson got acting job because he did what on demand ? Answer : Belch or Burp
Question : Charles Bingley was a character in what classic novel ? Answer : Pride and Prejudice
Question : Charles Atlas promised to make you a new man - what system ? Answer : Dynamic Tension
Question : Charles Adrian Wettach became famous as what clown ? Answer : Grock
Question : Charcoal Sulphur Saltpetre make what ? Answer : Gunpowder
Question : Charcarodon Carcharias is the Latin name for what creature ? Answer : Great White Shark
Question : Character in a movie series named Sanskrit word warrior what ? Answer : Yoda from Yoddha
Question : Chapman Root designed it based on a Hoople skirt - what ? Answer : Coca Cola bottle
Question : Chaplin ate a boot in the Gold Rush - what was it made of ? Answer : Liquorice
Question : Chang 1st Wang 2nd what third most common Chinese name ? Answer : Li
Question : Champagne bottles - 6 bottles of champagne are in a what ? Answer : Rheoboam
Question : Chambre means what when referring to wine ? Answer : Serve at room
Question : Chaconne, Rigadoon, Passepied are all types of what ? Answer : Old style dances
Question : Chachi was a character in Happy days whats it mean in Korean ? Answer : Penis
Question : CH car international registration plate which country ? Answer : Switzerland
Question : C'est manifique mais ce n'est pas la guerre 1854 about what ? Answer : Charge Light Brigade
Question : Cerumen is the technical name for what body part ? Answer : Earwax
Question : Cents in a Dollar Pennies in a Pound what in a French Franc ? Answer : Centimes
Question : Celibate Egyptian priests were forbidden to eat what aphrodisiac ? Answer : Onions
Question : Cecil B De Mille the film director had what middle name ? Answer : Blount
Question : Cavatina what the theme music to which film ? Answer : The Deer Hunter
Question : Cavalier in French Springer in German what in English ? Answer : Chess Knight
Question : Catriona was a sequel to which famous novel ? Answer : Kidnapped R L
Question : Cathy Rigby was the first woman to do what ? Answer : Pose Nude sports
Question : Catholic calendar what is the 50 days following Easter called ? Answer : Pentecost
Question : Catherine the Great of Russia was born in which country ? Answer : Poland
Question : Catherine the Great kept who in an iron cage in her bedroom ? Answer : Wigmaker
Question : Caterpillar comes from the old French what's it literally mean ? Answer : Hairy Cat
Question : Catch 22 had what original name - publisher changed it ? Answer : Catch 18
Question : Cassius Marcellus Coolidge painted which famous paintings ? Answer : Dogs playing pool
Question : Cassiterite is the ore what is extracted ? Answer : Tin
Question : Casey Kasem was the original voice of what cartoon character ? Answer : Shaggy on Scooby
Question : Casanova ate fifty each morning to increase potency 50 what ? Answer : Oysters
Question : Cary Grant and Noel Coward both rejected which famous role ? Answer : James Bond
Question : Caruso put what in Nellie Melbas hand singing tiny hand frozen ? Answer : Hot Sausage
Question : Carson City in Nevada - dubious distinction first what 1924 ? Answer : Gas Chamber used
Question : Carrantual is the highest peak in which country ? Answer : Ireland
Question : Carom is a form of what sport / game ? Answer : Billiards
Question : Carnegie Melon University only one offers a degree in what ? Answer : Bagpiping
Question : Carlos Menim was elected president of what country in 1989 ? Answer : Argentina
Question : Carlo Collodi created which famous children's character ? Answer : Pinocchio
Question : Carl and the Passions changed band name to what ? Answer : Beach Boys
Question : Cardinal, Barlinka and Napoleon are varieties of what ? Answer : Black Grapes
Question : Cardinal and Ordinal are types of what ? Answer : Numbers - 1 2 3 - 1st
Question : Carara in Tuscany is famous for producing what ? Answer : Marble
Question : Caracul, Dorset, Urial, Mufflon and Jacobs are types of what ? Answer : Sheep
Question : Caractacus Potts drove what car ? Answer : Chitty Chitty Bang
Question : Car racing and what sport were banned in the USA during WW2 ? Answer : Horse Racing
Question : Captain W E Johns invented which hero ? Answer : Biggles
Question : Captain Macmorris only ever Irishman in what Shakespeare play ? Answer : Henry V
Question : Captain Jean Luc-Picard keep a fish called what ? Answer : Livingston
Question : Captain Hanson Gregory Crockett created what void in 1847 ? Answer : Hole in Doughnuts
Question : Captain Hans Langsdorff captained which German Battleship ? Answer : Graf Spee
Question : Captain Flint buried his treasure where ( Ben Gunn dug it up ) ? Answer : Skeleton Island
Question : Capitol city - Cathedrale Notra-Dame - statue Marron Inconnu ? Answer : Port au Prince Haiti
Question : Capital cities name translates as City of Islam ? Answer : Islamabad
Question : Capers are pickled flower seeds of what plant ? Answer : Nasturtium
Question : Cape Comorin is the most southerly point of where ? Answer : India
Question : Capability Brown was a famous Landscape Gardener 1st name ? Answer : Lancelot
Question : Caneletto is famous for landscapes of Venice and where ? Answer : London
Question : Candlemaker soapmaker merged in Cincinnati 1837 making what ? Answer : Procter and Gamble
Question : Cancha, Cesta, Cinta terms in which sport ? Answer : Jai Alai - Court Glove
Question : Canberra in Australia has 2 meanings meeting place and what ? Answer : Female breasts
Question : CANAM is a major competition in what 'sport' ? Answer : Cheerleading
Question : Canada is an Indian word meaning what ? Answer : Big Village
Question : Canaan Banana was the first president of where ? Answer : Zimbabwe
Question : Can you see Lenny Bruce E A Poe Karl Marx H G Wells etc ? Answer : Sergeant Peppers
Question : Camille Pizarro the impressionist was born in which country ? Answer : West Indies
Question : Camellia Sinesis evergreen shrub better known as what ? Answer : Tea
Question : Calvin Broadus is better known under what name ? Answer : Snoop Doggy Dogg
Question : Calvados or Apple Brandy and Dubonnet make what cocktail ? Answer : Bentley
Question : Caligari is the capital of what island ? Answer : Sardinia
Question : Californian law no shooting any animal - moving car except what ? Answer : Whale
Question : California Valley and a Chinese cabbage what word means both ? Answer : Napa
Question : California illegal to shoot game from moving vehicle except what ? Answer : Whale
Question : Calico cloth was invented in which country ? Answer : India
Question : Calgary University offers a two day course in what ? Answer : Igloo Building
Question : Calamine is the ore what is the product ? Answer : Zinc
Question : Caipirina means someone's drink - whose drink ? Answer : Peasants
Question : Cagney shoves grapefruit Mae Clarke face was going to be what ? Answer : An Omelette
Question : Caesar Salad originated in which country ? Answer : Mexico
Question : Caer-Lud was the former name of what capitol city ? Answer : London
Question : CaCo3 is the chemical formula of what common item ? Answer : Calcium Carbonate -
Question : Cab is a shortened version of what word ? Answer : Cabriolet
Question : C2 H5 OH is the formula of what ? Answer : Alcohol
Question : C17 H21 N04 is the chemical formula for what ? Answer : Cocaine
Question : C T Russell founded what organisation ? Answer : Jehovah's Witnesses
Question : By what other name is the double album The Beatles known ? Answer : The White album
Question : By what more common name do we know Major Boothroyd ? Answer : Q in the Bond films
Question : By US government figures people have tried 28000 ways of what ? Answer : Losing Weight
Question : By US Congress law 1832 citizens should do what annually ? Answer : Fasting and prayer
Question : By royal decree in Jidda 1979 women banned from using what ? Answer : Hotel swimming pools
Question : By Olympic rules what must have 14 feathers ? Answer : Badminton Bird
Question : By law who require a cert. of health before entering Kentucky ? Answer : Bees must have one
Question : By law what unpopular thing must prostitutes now do in Holland ? Answer : Pay Income Tax
Question : By law what can you not do in Minnesota with your washing line ? Answer : Put male female
Question : By Law Portland Oregon a minister cannot marry a couple where ? Answer : Ice Rink
Question : By Law Lexington Kentucky what can't you carry in your pocket ? Answer : Ice Cream
Question : By law Las Cruces New Mexico can't carry what in mainstreet ? Answer : Lunchbox
Question : By law In Washington State a concealed weapon must be what ? Answer : Under 6 foot long -
Question : By Law In Washington it is illegal to do what ? Answer : Ride an ugly Horse
Question : By Law in Tulsa you need a licensed engineer to open what ? Answer : Soda Bottle
Question : By Law in North Carolina you can't do what ? Answer : Sing out of Tune
Question : By Law in Massachusetts what can you not do to a pigeon ? Answer : Scare it
Question : By law in Guam who are not allowed to marry ? Answer : Virgins - They pay
Question : By law in Denmark before driving you must check car for what ? Answer : Children Underneath
Question : By law in China to go to school you must be what ? Answer : Intelligent
Question : By law in Boston what is banned from the back seat of a car ? Answer : Gorillas
Question : By law every Swiss citizen must have access to what ? Answer : Personal bomb shelter
Question : By law every fifth song on Canadian Radio must be what ? Answer : By a Canadian
Question : By Law - Nebraska Barbers can't do what between 7 am 7 pm ? Answer : Eat Onions
Question : By Indonesian law what is the penalty for masturbation ? Answer : Decapitation Which
Question : Butterfly Falcon Fun Glen Lark Penguin If Topper types of what ? Answer : Yacht Dingy Classes
Question : Butterfly Chisel Lead Pipe Mallet Occult Willow all types of what ? Answer : Bone Fracture
Question : Burning potassium has what colour flame ? Answer : Purple
Question : Burke and Hare supplied which doctor with cadavers ? Answer : Dr Knox
Question : Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms bans what word in adds ? Answer : Refreshing
Question : Bunyon wrote Pilgrims Progress - where ? Answer : Bedford Jail
Question : Bunny Austin first British male to do what at Wimbledon in 1933 ? Answer : Wear Shorts
Question : Bunc was the first name for what product ? Answer : Coffee
Question : Bumper Harris - wooden leg - what Job on London Underground ? Answer : Ride new escalators
Question : Bulls Blood wine comes from which country ? Answer : Hungary
Question : Bugs Bunny was a caricature of what actor ? Answer : Clark Gable
Question : Buckroe Beach Virginia illegal put what in someone's swimsuit ? Answer : A Dead Fish
Question : Bubba is Yiddish for what ? Answer : Grandma
Question : Bruce Philip in 1985 recorded what sporting first ? Answer : Rowed for Oxford and
Question : Brownie Wise first cover woman on Business week developed? ? Answer : Tupperware Party
Question : Brother Benedict translated name of what port and food product ? Answer : Fray Bentos
Question : Broccoli belongs to what family of plants ? Answer : Cabbage
Question : Broadway 59 music Ordinary Couple, Preludium, Processional ? Answer : The Sound of Music
Question : Brittany Spears - what is her favourite drink ? Answer : Sprite
Question : British Standard BS2724 might protect what body part ? Answer : Eyes - Sunglasses
Question : British soldiers mentioned in despatches get which bronze award ? Answer : The Oak Leaf
Question : British sailors got lime juice US cranberry what Danish get ? Answer : Sauerkraut to stop
Question : British politician John Montigue is credited with inventing what ? Answer : 4th Earl of Sandwich
Question : British policemen have truncheons what is USA equivalent ? Answer : Nightstick
Question : British playwright wrote the screenplay for The French Lt Woman ? Answer : Harold Pinter
Question : British king was known to family friends as David his last name ? Answer : King Edward the 8th
Question : British call this bird species tits - what do Americans call them ? Answer : Chickadees
Question : Britannia female embodiment of Britain who is the French ? Answer : Marianne
Question : Britain's oldest existing Trade Union was founded in 1747 what trade ? Answer : Brushmakers and
Question : Britain's most dangerous job used to kill one person every 3 days ? Answer : Trawlerman
Question : Britain's live cable TV used to show what game topless ? Answer : Darts - filmed in
Question : Britain's Frankie Wainman was world champion 1979 what sport ? Answer : Stock Car Racing
Question : Britain's call it sellotape - What's the brand name in Australia ? Answer : Durex
Question : Britain Ireland and what country joined the EEC simultaneously ? Answer : Denmark
Question : Britain France and who fought the battle of Trafalgar ? Answer : Spain
Question : Bristlemouths are the worlds most common what ? Answer : Fish
Question : Brisbane is the state capital of which SE Australian state ? Answer : Queensland
Question : Brings your ancestors back to life - translated advert for what ? Answer : Come alive with Pepsi
Question : Brilliant Bumper Bubbles Bigheart Boofuls Baby Bonny are who ? Answer : Jelly Babies
Question : Brigham Young University offers what unusual Major ? Answer : Ballroom Dancing
Question : Bridge River Kwai - Bridges Toki Rio - what actor links films ? Answer : William Holden
Question : Brickbat, Pecorino, Mycella and Tilsiter all types of what ? Answer : Cheese
Question : Brian Warner is better known as who ? Answer : Marilyn Manson
Question : Brian Gamlin of Bury is credited with what sporting invention ? Answer : Numbers on
Question : Brian Eno created which sound ? Answer : Windows 95 start-up
Question : Brian Connolly was the lead singer of which 70s group ? Answer : The Sweet
Question : Brent blend is a widely traded commodity - what is it ? Answer : Oil
Question : Breakfast at Tiffanies - famous film - who wrote the book ? Answer : Truman Capote
Question : Brave New World - Aldus Huxley - where name from ? Answer : Shakespeare's The
Question : Brave Belt was the original name of what group ? Answer : Bachman Turner
Question : Brassiere comes from an old French word meaning what ? Answer : Arm Protector
Question : Brass is an alloy of copper and what ? Answer : Zinc
Question : Brasco is Australian slang for what ? Answer : Toilet
Question : Brandy, decoy and landscape all come from which language ? Answer : Dutch
Question : Brand name was translated as Bite the wax tadpole in Russian ? Answer : Coca Cola
Question : Bragi was the Norse God of what ? Answer : Poetry
Question : Bozzoli is what shape of pasta ? Answer : Cocoons
Question : BOZ was the penname if which writer ? Answer : Charles Dickens
Question : Boxing, Wrestling and which Olympic event still exclude women ? Answer : Weight Lifting
Question : Bowling for lizards was whose favourite TV program ? Answer : Fred Flintstone
Question : Bowl of red is the Aztec translation of which food item ? Answer : Chilli
Question : Bovine is cow like but what does hircine refer to ? Answer : Goat
Question : Bourbon Miss restaurant by law what must be served with water ? Answer : One Small onion per
Question : Both sexes get them but men more often - get what ? Answer : Hiccups
Question : Boston Red Sox are The Pilgrims but what were they before ? Answer : The Somerset's
Question : Born January 21st to February 19th what star sign are you ? Answer : Aquarius
Question : Born Aug 24 to Sept 23 what star sign ? Answer : Virgo
Question : Boreas is the Greek God of what ? Answer : North Wind
Question : Boreas Eurus Notus Zephyrus were what ? Answer : Classic Winds NESW
Question : Borborygmus is the medical name for what ? Answer : Gas noises in gut
Question : Bor and Bestla his parents Vili and Ve his brothers name him ? Answer : Odin chief Norse God
Question : Boothby blonde, China long, straight 8 varieties of what ? Answer : Cucumber
Question : Books original title 4.5 years struggle against lies stupidity & co ? Answer : Mein Kampf
Question : Book of Shadows is the alternative title for which horror film ? Answer : Blair Witch 2
Question : Book It was a bright cold day in April and clocks were striking 13 ? Answer : 1984 George Orwell
Question : Boob Day in Spain is what day in Britain (practical jokes played) ? Answer : April Fools Day 1st
Question : Bonnie Booth (38) used what to remove a corn from her foot ? Answer : 410 shotgun - after
Question : Bondi Grape Blueberry Lime Tangerine Strawberry colours what ? Answer : Apple Imac
Question : Bond, Cotton Fabric and Tablet are types of what ? Answer : Paper
Question : Bombardier Billy Wells was seen on many Rank films - why ? Answer : Hit Gong
Question : Bohemian Rhapsody was on what Queen album ? Answer : A Night at the Opera
Question : Bohea is a type of what ? Answer : Tea
Question : Bognor Java gets is on average 322 days annually what ? Answer : Lightning strikes
Question : Boccaccios collection of ten stories are known as what ? Answer : Decameron
Question : Bob, Wally, Alice and Asok can be found in which strip cartoon ? Answer : Dilbert
Question : Bob van Winkle changed his name to what ? Answer : Vanilla Ice
Question : Bob Fitzsimmons world boxing champion had what middle name ? Answer : Prometheus
Question : Bob Dylan said you should never trust anyone what? ? Answer : Over 30
Question : Bob Cummings played which character (both names) ? Answer : Maxwell Smart
Question : Bob Clampett created which character in 1938 ? Answer : Bugs Bunny
Question : Boaz appears in which book of the Bible ? Answer : Ruth
Question : Blue red green yellow four Olympic rings colour what's missing ? Answer : Black
Question : Blitz Boondock Bristol Scrunge Squop terms in what game ? Answer : Tiddlywinks
Question : Blind, Comb, Fine Line and Harrow are types of what ? Answer : Stamp Perforation
Question : Blanco Gaucho Excelsior Nutcracker Cassette types of what ? Answer : World Cheeses
Question : Black, whooper and Berwick all varieties of what ? Answer : Swan
Question : Black and Blue play Red and Yellow at what game ? Answer : Croquet
Question : Bistre, Sorrel and Vandyke are shades of which colour ? Answer : Brown
Question : Bilrubin is produced by what part of the body ? Answer : Liver
Question : Billycock, Wideawake, Gibus and Mitre all types of what ? Answer : Hat
Question : Billie Holiday, James Dean, Eva Peron, Janis Joplin - Common ? Answer : All were Prostitutes
Question : Bill Medly was part of what group ? Answer : The Righteous
Question : Biblical city was the code for RAF bombings of Hamburg WW2 ? Answer : Gomorrah
Question : Bib-label Lithiated Lemon-Lime Soda better known as what ? Answer : Seven Up
Question : Bibendum is whose real name ? Answer : Michelin Tyre Man
Question : Beverly Hillbillies Bank managers secretary - full name ? Answer : Jane Hathaway
Question : Beveley Hills Cop was Eddie Murphy but who was it intended for ? Answer : Sylvester Stallone
Question : Between October and March what is illegal in Indiana ? Answer : Taking Baths
Question : Between 1956 and 1960 which song made top 40 seven times ? Answer : Mack the Knife
Question : Between 1916 and 23 Clarence Saunders opened 2800 what ? Answer : Piggly Wiggly - self
Question : Between 1804 - 1873 1676 patents issued for what item ? Answer : Washing Machine
Question : Between 1659 and 1681 illegal celebrate what in Massachusetts ? Answer : Christmas
Question : Between 15 and 20% of what disappear from shops each year ? Answer : Supermarket Trolleys
Question : Betty Joan Perske is better known as who ? Answer : Lauren Bacall
Question : Beside the long winding river is the translation of which US state ? Answer : Connecticut
Question : Berlin stands on which river ? Answer : Spree
Question : Bentlet Drummle appears in which Dickens novel ? Answer : Great Expectations
Question : Bennie Hills Ernie fastest milkman in the west - name his horse ? Answer : Trigger
Question : Benjamin who was the first Lord Mayor of Dublin ? Answer : Guinness
Question : Benjamin Kubelsky 1894 fame as what comedian ? Answer : Jack Benny
Question : Benjamin Briggs captained what mystery ship ? Answer : Marie Celeste
Question : Bengal Dimension 6 Falcon 3 possible names what was chosen ? Answer : Nike - but others were
Question : Ben Veeren played what character in Arthur Hailey's roots ? Answer : Chicken George
Question : Ben Hur won most Oscars 11 what film comes second with 10 ? Answer : West Side Story
Question : Ben Franklin invented it - Britain tried it in 1916 - What ? Answer : Daylight saving Time
Question : Belly, Block, Blout, Nut, Rib and waist are all parts of what ? Answer : A Violin
Question : Bell View in Manchester built in 1928 was Britain's first what ? Answer : Greyhound Stadium
Question : Beijing drivers fined 40 Yuan doing what at pedestrian crossing ? Answer : Stopping its illegal
Question : Before tennis what drew spectators to Wimbledon ? Answer : Croquet
Question : Before it meant tall building what did skyscraper mean ? Answer : Tall sailing ships
Question : Before 1938 toothbrushes were made using hairs from what ? Answer : Beaver
Question : Before 1883 who were called kranks ? Answer : Baseball fans - fan
Question : Before 1687 clocks never had what ? Answer : Minute hands
Question : Beethoven's third symphony is nicknamed what ? Answer : The Eroica
Question : Beethoven's sixth symphony is known as what ? Answer : The Pastoral
Question : Beethoven's ninth symphony is nicknamed what ? Answer : The Choral
Question : Beethoven's fifth piano concerto is nicknamed what ? Answer : The Emperor
Question : Beethoven's 9th was his interpretation of what work by Schiller ? Answer : Ode to Joy
Question : Beethoven, Brahms, Chopin, Handel, Liszt, Ravel what in common ? Answer : Bachelors
Question : Beethoven gave up what while writing his ninth symphony ? Answer : Bathing
Question : Bees live in a hive what do seals live in ? Answer : A Rookery
Question : Beelzebub is Hebrew for which phrase - also a novels title ? Answer : Lord of the Flies
Question : Beaufort - the wind scale man - had what job ? Answer : Sailor (Admiral)
Question : Beatles were 1st UK group on Ed Sullivan who was second ? Answer : The Searchers
Question : Bearbrass founded by John Batman the original name of where ? Answer : Melbourne
Question : Bear, Bird, Goat, Eagle, Swan and Rabbit what links in Ireland ? Answer : All Islands
Question : Bean setting, Leap frog, Laudnum bunches types of what dance ? Answer : Morris dances
Question : Beagles were a hunting dog bred to hunt what ? Answer : Hares
Question : Be prepared is the boy scout motto what's the girl guides motto ? Answer : Be prepared
Question : BCG vaccine is used against which infectious disease ? Answer : Tuberculosis
Question : BB King gave his guitar what nickname ? Answer : Lucile
Question : Batrachophobia is a fear of what ? Answer : Frogs and Toads
Question : Baseball is not sport - state of mind - cant learn it - what author ? Answer : John Steinbeck
Question : Bascule cantilever suspension all types of what ? Answer : Bridge
Question : Bartommelo Christofori invented what ? Answer : Piano
Question : Barry Allen was the alter ego of which DC comic superhero ? Answer : The Flash
Question : Barring rain - in which athletics event would you get wet ? Answer : Steeplechase
Question : Barrel sizes - there are 216 gallons in a what ? Answer : Tun
Question : Barrel sizes - there are 18 gallons in a what ? Answer : Kilderkin
Question : Barrel size - what wine barrel size contains 10 gallons ? Answer : Anker
Question : Barrel size - what wine barrel contains 126 gallons ? Answer : Pipe
Question : Barrel size - what beer barrel contains 108 gallons ? Answer : Butt
Question : Baron Silas Greenback was the enemy of which character ? Answer : Dangermouse
Question : Baron de Coubertin won Gold at the Olympics 1912 for what ? Answer : Literature
Question : Bargasse is what type of vegetable matter ? Answer : Sugar Cane Pulp
Question : Barbara, Carignan, Cinsaut, and Nebbilo are verities of what ? Answer : Italian wine grapes
Question : Barajas is the main airport - where ? Answer : Madrid
Question : Baptista is Katherine's father in which Shakespeare play ? Answer : The Taming of the
Question : Bamboo harvester was the real name of what TV character ? Answer : Mr Ed
Question : Bambi was the first Disney film without what ? Answer : Human characters
Question : Bam Yat and Holon are in which country ? Answer : Israel
Question : Balsa wood gets its name from Spanish what's literal meaning ? Answer : Raft
Question : Ball point pen ink is made from dye and what ? Answer : Castor Oil
Question : Ball is 38 millimetres in diameter weighs 2.5 grams what sport ? Answer : Table Tennis
Question : Balein, Boops, Fin, Grampus and Pothead are types of what ? Answer : Whale
Question : Baked beans were originally served in what sauce ? Answer : Treacle - molasses
Question : Baile Atha Cliath - Official name what capitol city ? Answer : Dublin - its Irish
Question : Bahina de los Cochinos is better known as what ? Answer : Bay of Pigs
Question : Bad before a German town name means what ? Answer : It’s a Spa Town
Question : Backfall, diapason, pallet, gamba, sticker all parts of what ? Answer : Pipe Organ
Question : Back Blanket and Button Hole types of what ? Answer : Stitches
Question : Bacardi and Carioca rums come from what country ? Answer : Costa Rico
Question : Babs Gorden is better know as what heroine ? Answer : Batgirl
Question : Babies are born without what ? Answer : Knee Caps - form at 2
Question : Babba Louey was the sidekick of which cartoon character ? Answer : Quick Draw McGraw
Question : BA British Airways AA American Airways what is AI ? Answer : Air India
Question : Azote was the original name of what element ? Answer : Nitrogen
Question : Azote is the old name for what element ? Answer : Nitrogen
Question : Away we Go was the original 1942 title what musical show/film ? Answer : Oaklahoma
Question : Avron Hirsch Goldbogen changed his name to what ? Answer : Mike Todd Married
Question : Average woman's 1.5 times bigger than average mans - what ? Answer : Circumference of
Question : Average US male does it in 11.4 mins but female takes 13 what ? Answer : Shower
Question : Autolycus - accomplished invisible thief Greek myth whose son ? Answer : Hermes
Question : Author of Good as Gold and Closing Time but famed for another ? Answer : Joseph Heller Catch
Question : Australians call someone from where a croweater ? Answer : South Australia
Question : Australians call someone from where a cockroach ? Answer : New South Wales
Question : Australian Clement Wragge instituted what ? Answer : Naming Hurricanes
Question : Aurore Dupin b 1804 changed her name what 19th cent author ? Answer : George Sand
Question : Aulophobia is a fear of what ? Answer : Flutes
Question : Augusto Pinochet was the ruler of which country ? Answer : Chile
Question : Atlanta burned in Gone With the Wind was what old film set ? Answer : King Kong it needed
Question : Athens 1896 Paris 1900 St Louis 1904 London 1908 what next ? Answer : Stockholm 1912 -
Question : Atephobia is a fear of what ? Answer : Imperfection
Question : Atahualpa was the last ruler of who ? Answer : Incas
Question : At Woodstock 1969 5550 what happened ? Answer : Births
Question : At what farm does Aunt Ada Doom go on about nasty woodshed ? Answer : Cold Comfort Farm
Question : At Waterloo who commanded the Prussian troops ? Answer : Marshal Blucher
Question : At the request of EMI who was painted out Sarge Peppers cover ? Answer : Mahatma Gandhi
Question : At the Festival of the Cleaver Spartans nailed what to the wall ? Answer : Sausages for older
Question : At the end of TVs MASH what character stayed in Korea ? Answer : Corp Maxwell Klinger
Question : At the borders of reality is French translation what TV show ? Answer : The X Files
Question : At the battle of Actium who beat Mark Anthony and Cleopatra ? Answer : Octavian - Emperor
Question : At the Alamo its illegal to drop what nut shells on the ground ? Answer : Pecan
Question : At Roman feasts which birds tongues were delicacies ? Answer : Flamingos
Question : At Prince Charles's wedding who was the best man ? Answer : Nobody - brothers
Question : At least a quarter of humanity is what ? Answer : Short Sighted
Question : At her beheading Marie Antoinette wore what colour shoes ? Answer : Purple
Question : At German country weddings the couple had to do what together ? Answer : Saw through a log
Question : At epiquarian.com you would find information about what ? Answer : Food or Restaurants
Question : At a Quaker wedding it is forbidden to do what ? Answer : Take photographs
Question : Astronomer Josephe-Jerome de Lalande eat what on bread butter ? Answer : Spiders
Question : Astronomer Fred Hoyle coined which phrase ? Answer : The Big Bang
Question : Astronauts cannot do what in space ? Answer : Cry - no gravity for
Question : Astrakhan comes from which animal ? Answer : Sheep
Question : Assassin Magazine and Sofa come from which language ? Answer : Arabic
Question : Asian moon rat is the only animal smells like a veg which one ? Answer : Onion
Question : As foreplay what does a Ponapean male put in a woman's vulva ? Answer : A Fish - then he licks
Question : As a performer what one thing would Elvis never do ? Answer : An Encore
Question : Aruba is an island under which kingdom ? Answer : Netherlands
Question : Arturo Toscanini played what instrument before conducting ? Answer : The Cello
Question : Artistic movement shared name with French for hobby horse ? Answer : Dada thus Dadaism
Question : Artist Marc Chegal died in 1985 in what country was he born ? Answer : Russia
Question : Artist - The Monarch of the Glen in 1850 - Lions Trafalgar square ? Answer : Sir Edwin Henry
Question : Arthur Sarsfield Ward the creator of Fu Man Chu is which author ? Answer : Sax Rohmer
Question : Arthur Paul designed which icon - appears on a magazine ? Answer : Playboy bunny
Question : Arthur Jefferson better known as who ? Answer : Stan Laurel
Question : Arthur Flegenheimer died Oct 1935 was better known as who ? Answer : Dutch Schultz
Question : Arthur Flegenheimer became notorious under what name ? Answer : Dutch Schultz
Question : Artemis is Greek Goddess of what - only one among all Gods ? Answer : Virginity and Chastity
Question : Around which French town is the champagne industry located ? Answer : Epernay
Question : Around the alter of which God were the early Greek plays done ? Answer : Dionysus
Question : Arnold Cream was a famous (early) boxer - who ? Answer : Jersey Jo Walcott
Question : Army Greatcoat Horn of Plenty Diamond Kimono types of what ? Answer : Napkin Folds
Question : Armand Tarmizan is the 'real' name what cartoon character ? Answer : Principle Skinner
Question : Ariztid Olt was what early name used by a famed actor ? Answer : Bela Lugosi
Question : Archimedes lived in which city ? Answer : Syracuse
Question : Archbishop Makarios of Cyprus was exiled in 1956 to where ? Answer : The Seychelles
Question : Archaeopteryx was the first what ? Answer : Bird
Question : Archaeologists found 145 what in King Tuts tomb ? Answer : Loincloths
Question : Aprosexia is the abnormal inability to do what ? Answer : Concentrate
Question : April is the cruellest month - which poet wrote that line ? Answer : T S Elliot it refers to
Question : April 20 1896 was the first time people paid to do what ? Answer : See a movie in NY
Question : Approximately 40 million of what are consumed each year ? Answer : Bananas
Question : Approximately 3 million women in the USA have what ? Answer : Tattoos
Question : Apis Mnevis Onuphis 3 names for the sacred what of Egypt ? Answer : Bull
Question : Aphallatosis is a mental disorder caused by the lack of what ? Answer : Sex life
Question : Apart from Star Trek Kirk Scott Spock Sulu (actors) what prog ? Answer : The Twilight Zone
Question : Apart from man what is New Zealand's only native mammals ? Answer : Bats
Question : Apart from eggs what is in an Arnold Bennett omelette ? Answer : Smoked Haddock
Question : Apart from drinks what used to be stored in pub cellars ? Answer : Corpses - cold place
Question : Apart from a compass what is always found in a ships binnacle ? Answer : Magnets
Question : Apart from a caber by rule what is compulsory in caber tossing ? Answer : Wearing a kilt
Question : Apart from a brand name what is a Reebok ? Answer : An Antelope
Question : Aotearoa is Maori name for New Zealand - what's it mean ? Answer : Long Daylight
Question : Any sufficiently advanced technology indistinguishable from magic ? Answer : Arthur C Clark -
Question : Antipater of Sidon first listed what 2nd Century AD ? Answer : 7 Wonders World
Question : Antimacassars were fitted to chairs - what is macasser ? Answer : Hair oil
Question : Anthropologists say what is the worlds oldest profession ? Answer : Witch Doctor
Question : Anthony Pratt invented what in the 1940s ? Answer : Cluedo
Question : Anthony McMillan became famous as who ? Answer : Robbie Coltrane
Question : Anthony Daniels played who in a series of films ? Answer : C-P3O
Question : Anthesis means what in relation to plants ? Answer : In Flower - blooming
Question : Antanananarivo is the capitol of where ? Answer : Madagascar
Question : Anreas Cornelis van Kujik was who’s manager ? Answer : Elvis Col Tom Parker
Question : Annuit Coeptis - Novis ordo seclorum - mottos on what item ? Answer : Reverse Great Seal
Question : Annually 2500 left handed people die doing what ? Answer : Using right handed
Question : Annika Hansen is which characters name in Star Trek Voyager ? Answer : Seven of Nine
Question : Annie Mae Bullock became famous under which name (both) ? Answer : Tina Turner
Question : Anna Mary Robinson - famous American painter - what name ? Answer : Grandma Moses
Question : Anna Maria Louisa Italiano changed her name to what ? Answer : Anne Bancroft
Question : Anna Maria Louisa Italiano became famous as who ? Answer : Ann Bancroft
Question : Anna M Jarvis of Philadelphia instituted what she never qualified ? Answer : Mothers Day May
Question : Ann Ziegler was the singing partner of which film star ? Answer : Webster Booth
Question : Ann Franklin in 1792 was the first woman to do what ? Answer : Newspaper Editor in
Question : Anhedonia is the inability to feel what ? Answer : Pleasure
Question : Angelo Scicilano better know as who ? Answer : Charles Atlas
Question : Angel falls Venezuela Highest but where second Highest ? Answer : Yosemite USA
Question : Anethum tastes a little like aniseed - what herb is it ? Answer : Dill
Question : Andy Green first broke the sound barrier on land in what car ? Answer : Thrust SSC
Question : Andy Fletcher Dave Gahan Martin Gore Alan Wilder what group ? Answer : Depeche Mode
Question : Andrew Patterson wrote which definitive Australian song ? Answer : Waltzing Matilda
Question : Andrew John Woodhouse in fiction was who - Ira Levin novel ? Answer : Rosemary's Baby
Question : Andrea Hollen was the first woman in US to do what ? Answer : Graduate West Point
Question : Andr'e Gide the writer was expelled from school for what crime ? Answer : Masturbating during
Question : And who wrote the song ? Answer : Cat Stephens
Question : And who was his original voice ? Answer : Clarence Nash
Question : And who was commissioned to rebuild them ? Answer : Sir Christopher Wren
Question : And who designed it ? Answer : Michelangelo
Question : And which word comes second ? Answer : Paris
Question : And which one comes second ? Answer : Mayonnaise
Question : And which country comes second ? Answer : Israel
Question : And which animals penis is prehensile ? Answer : Dolphins
Question : And what's their greatest turn off ? Answer : Egoists and liars
Question : And what's the top annoyance among wives ? Answer : Untidiness
Question : And what was that movie ? Answer : Conan Doyle's - The
Question : And what was his first US number one ? Answer : Heartbreak Hotel
Question : And what the least - two tablespoons per person ? Answer : Egypt
Question : And what is the least ? Answer : Chocolate
Question : And what is the first ? Answer : The Whirlpool
Question : And what is officially the richest ? Answer : District of Columbia
Question : And what happened to Tigris 3rd April 1978 ? Answer : He burned it anti war
Question : And what does she charge ? Answer : Five cents
Question : And what country won it ? Answer : Sweden
Question : And in 1985 who was on the last one produced ? Answer : Rambo
Question : And he was born in which country ? Answer : India
Question : And again in 1995 what was the one given to boys in USA ? Answer : Michael
Question : Ancient Rome / Greece what Temple was dedicated to all Gods ? Answer : Pantheon
Question : Ancient Romans dyed their hair with what waste product ? Answer : Bird Shit
Question : Ancient Roman brides wore a wedding dress - what colour ? Answer : Yellow
Question : Ancient Egyptians worshiped what food item ? Answer : Cabbage
Question : Ancient Chinese thought what fruit a symbol long life immortality ? Answer : Peach
Question : Ancient China Treason Robbery Adultery what punishment ? Answer : Castration
Question : Ancient Carthage is in what modern country ? Answer : Tunisia
Question : Ancient Aztecs of Mexico used a rabbit scale to measure what ? Answer : Drunkenness few to
Question : Ancel Keys developed which US soldiers item ? Answer : K rations
Question : Ananas is French for what food ? Answer : Pineapple
Question : An unkindness is a group of what birds ? Answer : Ravens
Question : An Ounce whisky glass and a small keg what same name ? Answer : Pony
Question : An Ortaline is a cross between what two items ? Answer : Tangerine - Orange
Question : An orchidectomy involves what procedure ? Answer : Removal of testicle
Question : An onomastician studies what ? Answer : Names
Question : An Ochlophilliac gets sexually aroused from what ? Answer : Being in crowds
Question : An IVP is used to detect what medical condition ? Answer : Kidney Stones
Question : An isoneph on a map joins places of equal what ? Answer : Average Cloud Cover
Question : An isohel on a map joins place of equal what ? Answer : Sunshine
Question : An Intente is a players manager in what sport ? Answer : Jai Alai
Question : An exultation is a group of what animals ? Answer : Larks
Question : An Enologist studies what ? Answer : Wine
Question : An empelomaniac has a desire to do what ? Answer : Hold public office
Question : An elephants penis is shaped like what ? Answer : Letter S
Question : An elephant is called a pachyderm what does it literally mean ? Answer : Thick Skinned
Question : An elephant has 400000 what in its trunk ? Answer : Muscles
Question : An ecostate animal lacks what ? Answer : Ribs
Question : An average person does it six times a day - what ? Answer : Goes to bathroom
Question : An average of 708 what in the USA each year ? Answer : Tornados
Question : An average American eats 28 what in their lifetime ? Answer : Pigs
Question : An average American does it 2.2 times a week - what ? Answer : Visit a Supermarket
Question : An average American consumes 600 what a year ? Answer : Cans of Soda
Question : An aubade or alborda is a song - but what type ? Answer : Mourning
Question : An Asian gecko and a sweet European wine what word fits both ? Answer : Tokay
Question : An Arizona prostitutes organisation is called TWATS meaning ? Answer : Tucson Whores and
Question : An Aria from a Handel opera is Ombra mai fu - what other name ? Answer : Largo
Question : An arenaceous plant grown in what type of soil ? Answer : Sandy
Question : An area of London got its name from a hunting call what ? Answer : Soho
Question : An archangel cat has what colour coat ? Answer : Blue
Question : An Arab/Israeli band Abu Hafla - record called Humping meaning ? Answer : Enjoyable Gathering
Question : An Arab horse has less what than other horses ? Answer : Bones - one vertebra
Question : An anti-tussed is used to treat what ? Answer : Coughs
Question : An Antarctic island was named after which cartoon character ? Answer : Huckleberry Hound
Question : An American in Maine got a divorce cos wife fed him only what ? Answer : Pea Soup
Question : An alloy of Iron - Chromium and Nickel makes what ? Answer : Stainless Steel
Question : An algophile loves what ? Answer : Pain
Question : An Albert chain is usually attached to what ? Answer : Watch
Question : An Aficionado originally followed what sport ? Answer : Bullfighting
Question : An accolade is something of praise what was original meaning ? Answer : Shoulder sword
Question : An 18th century law in Britain banned the poor from having what ? Answer : Gin - they were too
Question : Amy the girls name means what ? Answer : Beloved
Question : Amuhea Princess of Medes was the wife of who ? Answer : Nebuchadnezzars
Question : AMSTRAD companies name comes from what i.e. what mean ? Answer : Alan Michael Sugar
Question : Amor Vincit Omnia a Latin phrase meaning what ? Answer : Love conquers all
Question : Amomaxia is having sex where ? Answer : Parked Car
Question : Amnesic, Diarrhetic and Paralytic main types of what poisoning ? Answer : Shellfish
Question : Amnesiac and The Bends albums of which UK group ? Answer : Radiohead
Question : Amerigo Vespucci airport is in which city ? Answer : Florence
Question : Americans use 16000 tons of what each year ? Answer : Aspirin
Question : Americans consume 2 billion lbs of what each year ? Answer : Chocolate
Question : American Paul Theroux wrote novels and about what else ? Answer : Travel
Question : American Literary Association gives Caldicott medal for what ? Answer : Illustration
Question : American Hamilton Smith invented what in 1858 ? Answer : A washing machine
Question : American Football - where do the Lions play at home ? Answer : Detroit
Question : American folklore Abner Doubleday invented what at West Point ? Answer : Baseball
Question : American comes from USA what someone from Monaco called ? Answer : Monagasque
Question : America what is the second most common word said before die ? Answer : Shit
Question : Ambrosia the food of the Gods from the Greek Ambroata means ? Answer : Immortal
Question : Ambigu was an early form of what card game ? Answer : Poker
Question : Amaxophobia is the fear of what ? Answer : Riding in a vehicle
Question : Amatripsis is what sexual practice ? Answer : Female masturbation
Question : Amanda by the Sea was a US version of what UK comedy show ? Answer : Faulty Towers
Question : Amahl and the Night Visitors was the first opera written for what ? Answer : Television
Question : Alphonso D'Abruzzo became famous as who ? Answer : Alan Alda
Question : Alphabetically what is the first element in the periodic table ? Answer : Actinium
Question : Alopecia meaning baldness comes from Greek word for what ? Answer : Fox - Mange = Bald
Question : Almonds - the nuts - are members of what general family ? Answer : Peach
Question : Alls Well That Ends Well the original title of which classic novel ? Answer : War and Peace
Question : Allium Sativum is better known as what ? Answer : Garlic
Question : Allium cepa - one of the lilicaea - world most used food item ? Answer : Onion
Question : Allergic Rhinitis has what more common term ? Answer : Hay Fever
Question : All windmills turn counter clockwise except where ? Answer : Ireland
Question : All US Presidents were Federalists Republicans Democrats or ? Answer : what Whigs 1841 - 45 1850
Question : All US presidents have worn what ? Answer : Glasses - not in public
Question : All the Richard Hannay books got their titles from where ? Answer : Bunyon's The
Question : All the pictures of which king are always shown in profile ? Answer : King of Diamonds
Question : All soldiers of every country do it - do what ? Answer : Salute with right hand
Question : All Sikhs must possess five things - one is a Kangha - what is it ? Answer : Comb
Question : All PCs have a BIOS what does bios stand for ? Answer : Basic Input Output
Question : All my Yesterdays is which actors autobiography ? Answer : Edward G Robinson
Question : All living things contain what ? Answer : Water
Question : All inhabitants of Pitcairn island belong to what US religion ? Answer : Seventh Day
Question : All hospitals in Singapore use what brand name product ? Answer : Pampers
Question : All commercially bred turkeys are what ? Answer : Artificially
Question : All American umpires wear what ? Answer : Black underwear
Question : Alice Dormouse Mad Hatter who is missing from the Tea Party ? Answer : March Hare
Question : Alicante, Money-maker and Ailsa Craig varieties of what ? Answer : Tomatoes
Question : Alhambra is a strong lager brewed in what country ? Answer : Spain
Question : Alfred White was a famous author under which name ? Answer : James Herriot
Question : Alfred Wallace coined which phrase - Wrongly given to Darwin ? Answer : Survival of the Fittest
Question : Alfred Schneider became famous as who ? Answer : Lenny Bruce
Question : Alfred Packer in the USA was convicted of what strange crime ? Answer : Cannibalism
Question : Alfred Nobel invented dynamite what did father Immanuel invent ? Answer : Plywood
Question : Alfred Jingle appears in which Dickens novel ? Answer : The Pickwick Papers
Question : Alfred Hitchcock's daughter appeared in Psycho - name her ? Answer : Patricia Hitchcock
Question : Alfred Hitchcock admitted to being terrified of what ? Answer : Policeman
Question : Alfred Butta invented what in 1941 - marketed 1948 ? Answer : Scrabble
Question : Alfred Bailey started what annual publication in mid 19th century ? Answer : Whos Who
Question : Alexandria MN if wife asks man must do what before sex by law ? Answer : Brush Teeth
Question : Alex Raymond created which comic strip character in 1934 ? Answer : Flash Gorden
Question : Aleksei Leanov was the first to do what ? Answer : Space walk
Question : Alectryomanchy is another name for what banned UK 1849 ? Answer : Cockfighting
Question : Aldeberan is the brightest star in which constellation ? Answer : Taurus
Question : Alcoholics get the DTs what does it stand for ? Answer : Delirium Tremens
Question : Alcohol comes from the Arabic word Al Kohl meaning what ? Answer : The Essence
Question : Alces Alces is the Latin name for what animal ? Answer : Moose
Question : Albrecht Durer drew what - without ever seeing one ? Answer : Rhinoceros
Question : Alberto Tomba is a name associated with which sport ? Answer : Skiing
Question : Albert Sauvy coined what term in the 1950s ? Answer : The Third World
Question : Albert Harry Jack and Samuel Eichelbaum known as who ? Answer : Warner Brothers
Question : Albert Finney turned down which role - Peter O Tool - Oscar ? Answer : Laurence of Arabia
Question : Albert De Salvo was better known as who ? Answer : The Boston Strangler
Question : Albanian money and a grouse's mating display same word what ? Answer : Lec
Question : Alan Stuart Konigsberg famous as who ? Answer : Woody Allen
Question : Alan Ginsberg is credited with inventing what 60s phrase ? Answer : Flower Power
Question : Alain Boubil - Claude-Michael Schonberg music what hit show ? Answer : Miss Saigon
Question : Al Borak was a flying horse owned by whom ? Answer : Mohammed
Question : Al Alcorn wrote which famous computer program / game ? Answer : Pong
Question : Ajax was the trade mark of the worlds first what ? Answer : Flush lavatory
Question : Airman T E Shaw in WW2 was better known as who ? Answer : T E Laurence of
Question : Air Lingus is the national airline of which country ? Answer : Republic of Ireland or Eire
Question : Ailsa Craig, Bedford Champion and Rijnsburger varieties of what ? Answer : Onions
Question : Agrippa poisoned her husband/uncle who was he ? Answer : Claudius
Question : Agni, face covered in butter, is the Hindu god of what ? Answer : Fire
Question : Agnes the girls name means what ? Answer : Chaste
Question : Agnes Gonxha Bojaxhiu born Skopje 1910 other name ? Answer : Mother Theresa
Question : Ageusia is the loss of which sense ? Answer : Taste
Question : Again in Ecuador if you were served cuy what have you eaten ? Answer : Guinea pig
Question : AG Bell opened school in Boston in 1872 for Teachers of what ? Answer : The Deaf
Question : After water what is the most consumed beverage ? Answer : Tea
Question : After the US what country imports the most scotch ? Answer : France
Question : After the US civil war what was known as the soldiers disease ? Answer : Morphine addiction
Question : After The Red Baron was shot down who took over his squadron ? Answer : Herman Goering
Question : After the Bible what book did Americans rate as their favourite ? Answer : Sears Roebuck
Question : After sex what does the female marine bristleworm do ? Answer : Bites off eats penis
Question : After homes and jobs where do Americans spend most time ? Answer : Shopping Malls
Question : After his death what bit Walter Raleigh did his wife carry around ? Answer : His Head
Question : After English what's the most widely used language on the net ? Answer : German
Question : After California what US state produces the most wine ? Answer : New York
Question : Africa's four great rivers Nile, Congo Zambezi and what ? Answer : Niger
Question : African French Bur Fig Marsh Pot types of what plant ? Answer : Marigold
Question : African American Garrett A Morgan invented what ? Answer : The Traffic Signal
Question : Aesculus is the Latin name of what type of tree ? Answer : Horse Chestnut
Question : Aescapalious emblem staff snake Greek Roman god of what ? Answer : Medicine
Question : Aegis belonged to Zeus what was Aegis ? Answer : A Shield
Question : Advertising slogan - No one ever got fired for buying what ? Answer : IBM
Question : Adolph Hitler had a phobia - what ? Answer : Claustrophobia
Question : Adolf Hitler took nude photos of Ava Brown - What part why ? Answer : Arse - so she not
Question : Adolf Dasler created which company ? Answer : Adidas
Question : Admiral Horatio Nelson suffered from what common condition ? Answer : Seasickness
Question : Admiral Horatio Nelson lost his arm at which battle ? Answer : Tenerife
Question : Ad Lib is short for the Latin Ad libitum what's it literally mean ? Answer : At Pleasure
Question : Actor was known as Singing Sandy (dubbed) early in career ? Answer : John Wayne
Question : Action Comics 720 after 58 years who returned engage ring ? Answer : Lois Lane to
Question : Acrotomphillia is having sex with who or what ? Answer : Amputees
Question : Aconite the poison is obtained from what plant ? Answer : Wolf's-bane
Question : Acme genesis is a fancy name for what ? Answer : Orgasm
Question : Acinonyx Jubatus is what big pussy ? Answer : Cheetah
Question : ACII, Stockless, Mushroom and Plough types of what ? Answer : Anchors
Question : According to USA today what is the favourite luxury car ? Answer : 1 Lexus 2 Mercedes 3
Question : According to truck drivers which US state has the worst drivers ? Answer : California
Question : According to the traditional rhyme what's the fate of Wed. child ? Answer : Full of Woe
Question : According to the proverb which fruit tastes sweetest ? Answer : Forbidden
Question : According to the proverb which fruit tastes sweetest ? Answer : Forbidden
Question : According to the poem who dug the grave for cock robin ? Answer : The Owl
Question : According to the cowboy encyclopaedia what is an orejano ? Answer : Unbranded calf
Question : According to the ancient Chinese what cures headaches ? Answer : Swinging your arms
Question : According to the ad At Benneton the smallest garment is a what ? Answer : Condom
Question : According to the 2000 census in the UK what is now a religion ? Answer : Jedi Knight
Question : According to survey what European country has the vainest men ? Answer : Britain
Question : According to strain theory crime is mainly committed by who ? Answer : The lower classes
Question : According to Samuel Johnson what is the drink for heroes ? Answer : Brandy
Question : According to psychologists the happiest people watch what TV ? Answer : Soap Operas
Question : According to Playboy what is their Playmates greatest turn on ? Answer : Music
Question : According to one estimate Benjamin Franklin had 24 what ? Answer : Bastards - Illegitimate
Question : According to law what must all London Taxis always carry ? Answer : Bale of hay for horse
Question : According to J K Rowling what are muggles ? Answer : Ordinary people no
Question : According to its name what major Italian city is the new city ? Answer : Naples - short for
Question : According to Homer Simpson what is a feline ? Answer : An Elephant
Question : According to Hite report masturbating women like to use what ? Answer : Candles
Question : According to historians what is the oldest device still used ? Answer : Toothpicks
Question : According to his business card what job did Al Capone do ? Answer : Sell second hand
Question : According to Guinness book what's measured in Milli-Helens ? Answer : Beauty from Helen of
Question : According to Gene Kelly who was his favourite dancing partner ? Answer : Fred Astair
Question : According to English Church what's legal only tween 8 am 6 pm ? Answer : Getting Married
Question : According to Elvis Presley who / what was Little Elvis ? Answer : His Dick or Penis
Question : According to Earth Medicine what's the birth totem for march ? Answer : The Falcon
Question : According to doctors people with what pets fall asleep easiest ? Answer : Fish
Question : According to Christian religion what happened at Epiphany ? Answer : Wise men visited
Question : According to Billboard what was the top single of the 60s ? Answer : Hey Jude
Question : According to a survey what people have the most hated job UK ? Answer : Double Glazing
Question : According to a survey what is the US top family food ? Answer : Spaghetti - then
Question : According to a survey what is Americans favourite smell ? Answer : Bananas
Question : According to a 1997 survey what nation are the best kissers ? Answer : Italian
Question : According to 36% of Americans they have done what ? Answer : Spoken with God
Question : According CIA what language is most common in Afghanistan ? Answer : Persian
Question : According 1890s doctors women eat mustard vinegar do what ? Answer : Masturbate too much
Question : Abraham Zapruder made the most scrutinised film all time what ? Answer : Kennedy
Question : Abracadabra comes from what language ? Answer : Hebrew
Question : About which game has most books been written ? Answer : Chess
Question : Abel Magwitch and Biddy appear in which Dickens book ? Answer : Great Expectations
Question : Abbot - Costello routine who's on first name the pitcher ? Answer : Tomorrow
Question : Ab Ovo Latin for the very beginning but what's it literally mean ? Answer : From the egg
Question : Aaron Copeland wrote a ballet about which American folk hero ? Answer : Billy the Kid
Question : A young what is called an Eyas ? Answer : Hawk
Question : A young what is called a squeaker ? Answer : Pigeon
Question : A young what is called a Cheeper ? Answer : Grouse Partridge
Question : A young what is called a blinker ? Answer : Mackerel
Question : A young what can be called a Boyet, Eyas or Nyas ? Answer : Hawk
Question : A young dogs a pup what's the correct name for a young skunk ? Answer : A kit or kitten
Question : A Woman to Remember was the worlds first what in Feb 1947 ? Answer : TV Soap Opera
Question : A woman has Hisdoy syndrome what has she got ? Answer : A Moustache
Question : A web site with sa in the name is in what country ? Answer : Saudi Arabia
Question : A web designer might use CGI scripts what does CGI stand for ? Answer : Common Gateway
Question : A weavers knot is known by seamen as a common what ? Answer : Sheet Bend
Question : A Weaner is a baby what ? Answer : Elephant Seal
Question : A villanelle is a type of what ? Answer : Poem
Question : A Vigule or Solidus is what character ? Answer : Slash / - not
Question : A Vexilliologist is an expert in what ? Answer : The history of flags
Question : A vestiphobe is afraid of what ? Answer : Wearing Clothes
Question : A university has a campus what does it literally mean ? Answer : A Field
Question : A Treskilling Yellow sold for over $2 million in 1996 what is it ? Answer : A Stamp
Question : A tittiliomaniac has a compulsion to do what ? Answer : Scratch
Question : A Tiercel is the correct name for a male what ? Answer : Hawk or Falcon
Question : A temple in Sri-Lanka is dedicated to what ? Answer : Buddha's tooth
Question : A talus is what geographical feature ? Answer : Boulders fallen from
Question : A Suffragan has what job ? Answer : Bishop - no parish -
Question : A sufferer from boanthropy believes he is what ? Answer : An Ox
Question : A study in shades of grey in the name of what picture ? Answer : Whistlers Mother
Question : A stellate object is shaped like what ? Answer : Star shaped
Question : A statue of Lady Godiva stands in the centre which English city ? Answer : Coventry
Question : A standard what contains eight holes ? Answer : Horseshoe
Question : A Stag with 12 point antlers is known as a what ? Answer : Royal
Question : A squid found in New Zealand had the biggest what ever seen ? Answer : Eye 15.75 inches
Question : A spunder or drift is the name for a group of what animals ? Answer : Swine
Question : A speed stick measure the speed of what ? Answer : Cricket balls
Question : A spat is a baby what ? Answer : Oyster
Question : A snake has two penises but only one what other organ ? Answer : Lung
Question : A skulk is a group of which animals ? Answer : Foxes
Question : A Sitophilliac gets sexually aroused from what ? Answer : Food in sex play
Question : A shroff is an expert in what ? Answer : Testing coins
Question : A sheep duck and rooster were worlds the first what ? Answer : Passengers in hot air
Question : A shark is the only fish that can do it - do what ? Answer : Blink with both eyes
Question : A Seattle ordinance says goldfish in bowls must do what in buses ? Answer : Stay still - not move
Question : A screwdriver becomes a fuzzy screw when you add what ? Answer : Peach Schnapps
Question : A Scotsman tosses his caber - what does caber literally mean ? Answer : Pole
Question : A Scatologist studies what ? Answer : Excrement Crap - Shit
Question : A Russian space programs name meant East what was it ? Answer : Vostok
Question : A Romana Café features what liqueur ? Answer : Sambuca
Question : A Robert Heinlein book won 1960 Hugo award name it ? Answer : Starship Troopers
Question : A Retifist has a fetish about what ? Answer : Shoes
Question : A Renifleur gets aroused from doing what ? Answer : Sniffing underwear
Question : A renaissance doctor - what treatment excluding bleeding ? Answer : Enemas
Question : A Regatta is a boat races - where was the original Regatta ? Answer : Venice
Question : A Rafter is a collection of what creatures ? Answer : Turkeys
Question : A race is won by four laps of the track - which sport ? Answer : Speedway
Question : A Quidnunc is a what - from the Latin Quidnunc what now ? Answer : Gossip - used to be all
Question : A Queef is the name for what ? Answer : Fanny Fart
Question : A Pullicologist is an expert in what ? Answer : Fleas
Question : A puggle is a baby what ? Answer : Echidna
Question : A professional boxer is limited to 36 feet - feet of what ? Answer : Bandages on hands
Question : A primate called a Galago has what more common name ? Answer : Bush Baby
Question : A Primagravida is what ? Answer : First Pregnancy
Question : A Polyorchid has at least three what ? Answer : Testicles
Question : A pogonip is what type of weather condition ? Answer : Heavy winter fog with
Question : A planes black box is usually named after what King ? Answer : Midas
Question : A place name including worth e.g. Tamworth what's worth mean ? Answer : Homestead
Question : A philomath has a love of what ? Answer : Learning
Question : A phalophilliac has a fetish about what ? Answer : Large Penises
Question : A petrologist studies what ? Answer : Rocks history
Question : A pearmain is what type of fruit ? Answer : Apple
Question : A Pascal is the SI unit of what ? Answer : Pressure
Question : A Parthenophobe has a fear of what ? Answer : Young Girls - Virgins
Question : A Paris grocer was jailed for two years in 1978 stabbing wife what ? Answer : A wedge of hard
Question : A paratrichosic person has extra what ? Answer : Hair in unusual places
Question : a Paralian always lives near what ? Answer : The Sea
Question : A paddling is a group of which animals ? Answer : Ducks
Question : A P Herbert editor of Punch once wrote a cheque on what ? Answer : Side of a cow
Question : A numismatist collects coins and what else ? Answer : Medals
Question : A nudist is Spain fined £65 - £60 for being nude and £5 for what ? Answer : Having no ID papers
Question : A normal human body has 46 what ? Answer : Chromosomes
Question : A nilometer measures the rise and fall of what ? Answer : Rivers (originally
Question : A newborn bactrian camel has how many humps ? Answer : None
Question : A nervous kangaroo licks its where ? Answer : Forearms
Question : A napiform thing is shaped like what ? Answer : A turnip
Question : A myomancer predict the future by studying what ? Answer : The shape of mice
Question : A Myologist studies what ? Answer : Muscles
Question : A muster is a group of which birds ? Answer : Peacocks
Question : A musical instrument and the French word for paper clip what ? Answer : Trombone
Question : A mouse's is bigger than an elephants - what ? Answer : Sperm
Question : A mountain is the symbol of which film company ? Answer : Paramount
Question : A mirliton is another name for what musical instrument ? Answer : A Kazoo
Question : A menial working class in Old Japan and Greek letter what word ? Answer : Eta
Question : A melcryptovestimentaphiliac compulsively steals what ? Answer : Knickers
Question : A meander bend in a river, named from river meander - where ? Answer : Turkey
Question : A mature Japanese sea squirt eats what ? Answer : It’s own Brain
Question : A man who commits Pseudogyny is doing what ? Answer : Uses woman's name
Question : A man has first at 18 then every day spent 106 days by 60 what ? Answer : Shaving
Question : A male racehorse can do it in 14 seconds - what ? Answer : Copulate as can any
Question : A Mai Tai is a cocktail literally meaning what in Tahitian ? Answer : Out of the World
Question : A lion and a sword appear on what countries flag ? Answer : Sri Lanka
Question : A Limousine was originally what (From Limousine in France) ? Answer : French shepherds
Question : A lido is open air swimming pool where was the original lido ? Answer : Venice
Question : A Librocuricularist does what in bed ? Answer : Read
Question : A Lady Paramount judges at what sport ? Answer : Archery
Question : A Klazomaniac cant stop doing what ? Answer : Shouting
Question : A kindle is the name for a group of what young animals ? Answer : Kittens
Question : A kamikaze shooter contains Vodka Triple sec and what ? Answer : Lime juice
Question : A JPEG is a picture file format - what does JPEG stand for ? Answer : Joint Photographic
Question : A Jocko is what type of animal ? Answer : Chimpanzee or ape
Question : A is Alpha is the international alphabet but A used to be what ? Answer : Able
Question : A Illinois law prohibit men from doing what in public ? Answer : Having an erection
Question : A husband and wife won gold medals 1952 Olympics who ? Answer : Emile Dana Zatopek
Question : A horses height is measured from the ground to what part ? Answer : Withers - base of neck
Question : A Hop Low is the world smallest - what ? Answer : Mushroom
Question : A Hodophile gets sexually aroused by what ? Answer : Travelling
Question : A Hobbits will requires seven signatures in what ? Answer : Red Ink
Question : A healthy person does it 16 times a day - what ? Answer : Farts
Question : A haemodializar is a mechanical what ? Answer : Kidney
Question : A haboob creates what ? Answer : Sandstorm - Desert
Question : A Grice is a young what ? Answer : Wild Boar
Question : A golfer can only do it for five minutes - what ? Answer : Look for his lost balls
Question : A giraffes long tongue is what colour ? Answer : Blue, blue black really
Question : A giraffes eyelashes are what colour ? Answer : Black
Question : A gazette - is obvious what was a gazetta where word comes ? Answer : A small Italian coin -
Question : A Gandy Dancer has what job ? Answer : Railroad repair gang
Question : A fylfot is a heraldic name for what symbol ? Answer : Swastika
Question : A furfy is Australian slang for what ? Answer : False story or rumour
Question : A French wine described as doux is what ? Answer : Medium Sweet
Question : A flocculent thing resembles what ? Answer : Wool
Question : A flageolet is another name for what musical instrument ? Answer : A penny whistle
Question : A fisherman in the Arral sea had his boat destroyed by what ? Answer : A Cow - USA
Question : A fimetarious organism grows where ? Answer : In faeces or shit
Question : A female pigeon cannot lay an egg unless she sees what ? Answer : Another pigeon - or
Question : A female fox is a vixen what is the male fox called ? Answer : Dog
Question : A fellmonger deals in what items ? Answer : Animal skins
Question : A fagotist is a person who does what ? Answer : Plays the Bassoon
Question : A duffer is Australian slang for what ? Answer : Cattle Thief
Question : A Dorset shop sells bookends made from 140 mill year old what ? Answer : Fossil Dinosaur Shit
Question : A doromaniac had a compulsion to do what ? Answer : Give gifts
Question : A dog was arrested in Seville in 1983 for what crime ? Answer : Handbag Snatching
Question : A dog is canine - what animal is ovine ? Answer : Sheep
Question : A digitabulist collects what ? Answer : Thimbles
Question : A Curofact is a sexual fetish about what ? Answer : Legs
Question : A Cruciverbalist is interested in what ? Answer : Crossword Puzzles
Question : A crapulous person is full of it - what ? Answer : Alcohol - it means
Question : A Cow Moos - A Cock Crows - What does an Ape do ? Answer : Jibber
Question : A couple dogging are having sex with others watching where ? Answer : In their car
Question : A Comte France Landgraf Germany Conde Italy what England ? Answer : Earl
Question : A computer does a POST what is a post ? Answer : Power on self test
Question : A company called Symbol owns patent to what common item ? Answer : Bar Code
Question : A comet for the Greek Kometes literally means what ? Answer : Long Haired
Question : A Chinese eunuch invented what in the second century ? Answer : Paper
Question : A C-Curity was the original name of what common object ? Answer : Zip Fastener
Question : A cat is feline but what's leporine ? Answer : Rabbit
Question : A cat is feline - what animal is murine ? Answer : Mouse or Rat
Question : A castrated male reindeer is known as what ? Answer : Bull
Question : A carbonade is a dish that must contain what ? Answer : Beer
Question : A Capriphiliac has sex with who or what ? Answer : Goats
Question : A cappella is unaccompanied singing but what it literally mean ? Answer : In the style of the
Question : A can of orange crush appears on every episode what TV series ? Answer : ER
Question : A burning oil lamp is the symbol of which organisation ? Answer : Gideons
Question : A Blue Tits breast is what colour ? Answer : Yellow
Question : A Blue Imperial or a New Zealand white types of what ? Answer : Rabbits
Question : A bind is a group of what type of fish ? Answer : Salmon
Question : A belemnoid is what sort of shape in zoological terms ? Answer : Dart shaped
Question : A beast of prey sometimes called a glutton - what is it ? Answer : Wolverine
Question : A bear is ursine - what bird is pavonine ? Answer : Peacock
Question : A Baseball travels 9% faster in which US city ? Answer : Denver - thinner air
Question : A Badger gets its name from badge meaning what ? Answer : White mark on face
Question : A average male will have 2000 what during his lifetime ? Answer : Masturbated
Question : A 25 to 31 mph wind on the Beaufort scale is called what ? Answer : Strong Breeze
Question : 99% of India's Truck Drivers can't do what ? Answer : Read Road Signs
Question : 99% of American households have at least one what ? Answer : TV
Question : 98% of Japanese citizens are what ? Answer : Cremated
Question : 98% of Americans feel better about themselves after doing what ? Answer : Flushing Toilets
Question : 97% of all paper money in the USA has traces of what on it ? Answer : Cocaine
Question : 96% of American children can recognise - who ? Answer : Ronald MacDonald
Question : 96% of all what are purchased by women ? Answer : Candles
Question : 91% of Americans do what regularly ? Answer : Lie
Question : 90% of New York cabbies are what ? Answer : New immigrants
Question : 90% of bird species are what ? Answer : Monogamous
Question : 90% of Americans consider themselves what ? Answer : Shy
Question : 90% of all thoroughbreds are descended from what horse ? Answer : Eclipse
Question : 90 is the International Telephone dialling code what country ? Answer : Turkey
Question : 9% of divorced people say they still do what ? Answer : Have sex together
Question : 85% of women do what ? Answer : Wear wrong bra size
Question : 85% of American people will eat what this year ? Answer : Spam
Question : 83% of all Americans purchase what product ? Answer : Peanut Butter
Question : 80% of vibrator using English women don’t do what with it ? Answer : Insert it
Question : 80% of the worlds population wears shoes made in what country ? Answer : China
Question : 80% of restaurant diners don’t do what ? Answer : Eat dessert
Question : 80% of household dust is actually what material ? Answer : Dead skin
Question : 80% of Americans say they believe in what ? Answer : Miracles
Question : 8% of people in the world have an extra what ? Answer : Rib
Question : 75% industrial accidents happen to people who ain't done what ? Answer : Eaten Breakfast
Question : 74% of American women say what is biggest dating turn off ? Answer : Swearing - Foul
Question : 74 year old Margaret Weldon FL 2 hole in one 2 days - unusual ? Answer : She was totally blind
Question : 73% of what is produced and consumed in the USA ? Answer : Internet Pornography
Question : 72% of what country is covered by forest ? Answer : Finland
Question : 70% people would stamp barefoot broken glass that watch what ? Answer : Riverdance for 24
Question : 70% of Americans have done what ? Answer : Visited Disneyland /
Question : 7% of Irelands annual barley crop is used for what ? Answer : Making Guinness
Question : 68% of Americans do what (Trying to be punctual) ? Answer : Set their watches
Question : 67% of the worlds population have never done what ? Answer : Make a phone call
Question : 67% of dog owners do what at holiday time ? Answer : Buy a present for dog
Question : 66% of Americans reading on the toilet read what ? Answer : Readers Digest
Question : 64% of American teenagers have what in their bedrooms ? Answer : Television
Question : 6300 was the biggest cast in a commercial for what company ? Answer : British Airways
Question : 63% of Americans spend five minutes a day looking for what ? Answer : TV remote control
Question : 61 is the international telephone dialling code for what country ? Answer : Australia
Question : 6000 American teenagers do it daily - what ? Answer : Lose their virginity
Question : 60% of women say they have eleven a day - 11 what ? Answer : Emails
Question : 60% of women experience what ? Answer : Menstrual Cramps
Question : 60% of English women cannot orgasm without what ? Answer : Vibrator
Question : 58% of people like what during sex ? Answer : Dirty Talk
Question : 56% of men have had sex where ? Answer : At Work
Question : 56% of men cannot tell you the colour of what in their house ? Answer : Vacuum Cleaner
Question : 56% of Americans believe there is what in heaven ? Answer : Baseball
Question : 53 is the international dialling code for what country ? Answer : Cuba
Question : 52% of Americans would rather spend a week in jail than What ? Answer : Be President
Question : 51 what were destroyed by the Great fire of London ? Answer : Churches
Question : 50% of the US annual rainfall falls in what month ? Answer : April
Question : 50% of Dutch men have never done what ? Answer : Flown in a plane 28%
Question : 50% of 17 year old Americans can't do what according 700 club ? Answer : Read
Question : 50 years ago Texas giving advice on what was prison sentence ? Answer : Birth Control
Question : 5 items a Sikh must have Comb Dagger Hair Metal Bracelet and ? Answer : Knee length
Question : 5 African Mediterranean countries share what language ? Answer : Arabic
Question : 49% of Americans go out to dinner on what day ? Answer : Their Birthday
Question : 48 extras from what Oscar win film died within a year making it ? Answer : Babe - all pigs
Question : 47 people worked on a committee to produce what work ? Answer : Authorised version of
Question : 46% of women say this is better than sex - what ? Answer : A good nights sleep
Question : 45% of wives say husbands do it 5% husbands admit it - what ? Answer : Snoring
Question : 45% of Americans use what each day ? Answer : Mouthwash
Question : 45 is the International Telephone dialling code for what country ? Answer : Denmark
Question : 43% of women want to try sadomasochism after smelling what ? Answer : Vanilla extract
Question : 43% of Americans regularly do what ? Answer : Attend church
Question : 41% of American women believe what nationality best husbands ? Answer : Canadian
Question : 40000 Americans are injured each year where ? Answer : In the toilet
Question : 4000 people each year are injured by what household item ? Answer : Tea Pots
Question : 4000 patents for a variation of what issued since first 1838 ? Answer : Mousetrap
Question : 400 what per week permanently close in the USA ? Answer : Churches
Question : 40% of MacDonald's profits come from selling what ? Answer : Happy Meals
Question : 40% of Americans have never been where ? Answer : To a Dentist
Question : 4% of women never do what according to survey ? Answer : Wear Underwear
Question : 39% of women admit doing this to their boyfriend ? Answer : Throwing a shoe at
Question : 38 million Americans one in five don’t like what ? Answer : Sex
Question : 37% of women prefer what to sex ? Answer : Shoe shopping
Question : 357 UK roads are specially marked to protect what ? Answer : Toads during mating
Question : 34% of Californian Male students 10% of Female lied to get what ? Answer : Sexual Partner
Question : 33% of worlds population can't do what apparently simple thing ? Answer : Snap their fingers
Question : 33% of what are fake in the USA ? Answer : Blondes
Question : 33% of American women lie about what ? Answer : Their Weight
Question : 31% of people said what was the most disgusting personal habit ? Answer : Spitting
Question : 300000 American teenagers get what every year ? Answer : Venereal disease
Question : 30% of women have done it but only 10% do it regularly - what ? Answer : Multiple Orgasms
Question : 30% of people quit this job in USA each year - what job ? Answer : School Bus Driver
Question : 30 million people in the USA have diasima - what is it ? Answer : Gap in front teeth
Question : 3 countries on 2 continents Russia Turkey (Asia Europe) and ? ? Answer : Egypt - Africa and
Question : 3 chemical elements most % human body O 65% C 18% and ? ? Answer : Hydrogen 10%
Question : 26% of McDonalds Ontario employees admit doing what ? Answer : Putting bodily fluids
Question : 25% of women regularly do what ? Answer : Shave off pubic hair
Question : 25% of the adult male population of the UK are what ? Answer : Over 6 feet tall
Question : 25% of sexually active people have tried what ? Answer : Anal Sex
Question : 25% of Americans believe which fictional character is real ? Answer : Sherlock Holmes
Question : 24% of British men have no what ? Answer : Real teeth
Question : 24% of American adults admitted to participating in what ? Answer : Illegal Gambling
Question : 23 29 31 first 3 impossible numbers in what pub game ? Answer : Darts - cant score 1
Question : 21% Americans don’t do it every day 5% never do it - what ? Answer : Make their bed
Question : 20s Robert 50s Robert 70s Michael what US top boys name 90s ? Answer : Michael
Question : 209 Popes have been Italian which country has the 2nd highest ? Answer : France
Question : 200 years ago all white people knew what were deadly poison ? Answer : Tomatoes
Question : 20% of women first look at a mans what ? Answer : Butt not face
Question : 20% of Japanese publications are what ? Answer : Comic Books
Question : 2.47105 acres is equal to what SI unit ? Answer : Hectare
Question : 2% of Americans admit to doing what ? Answer : Affair with Postman
Question : 2 Gentleman Verona, 12th Night, Merchant Venice name links ? Answer : Characters called
Question : 2 categories of ballroom dance are used in competition Latin and ? Answer : Smooth
Question : 1996 3 highest earning sportsman Michael's Jordan, Tyson and who ? Answer : Schumacher
Question : 1994 what's the most registered dog by American Kennel Club ? Answer : Labrador retriever
Question : 1994 Christies sold what piece of Elvis memorabilia for $41400 ? Answer : Amex credit card
Question : 1987 A Philadelphia Councillor bill banned carrying what in public ? Answer : Snakes
Question : 1980 Pac Man was released arcade version by which company ? Answer : Midway
Question : 1979 at Clifton suspension bridge Britain's first what happened ? Answer : Bungee Jump
Question : 1978 a 100 yard long queue outside Peeking bookstore selling? ? Answer : Works of Shakespeare
Question : 1970 who announced he was entering a clinic for a sex change ? Answer : John Lennon (April
Question : 1964 Iowa City had one Tokyo the other only ones in world what ? Answer : Sperm Banks
Question : 1961 who was first actress to win Oscar for a non English film ? Answer : Sophia Loren
Question : 1960 Orange bowl was first appearance of which sporting giant ? Answer : Goodyear Blimp
Question : 1949 Popular Mechanics said that future ones less 1.5 tons? ? Answer : Computers
Question : 1937 saw the first BBC TV broadcast of which event ? Answer : Wimbledon Tennis
Question : 1936 film started with world war and ended with space flight ? Answer : Things to Come HG
Question : 19-19-19 who's vital statistics ? Answer : Olive Oyl
Question : 1910 act illegal to transport woman state line immoral purposes ? Answer : Mann Act
Question : 1899 what first was installed Palace Royal hotel San Francisco ? Answer : Jukebox
Question : 1894 Orville Gibson started worlds oldest company make what ? Answer : Electric Guitars
Question : 1878 Wanamaker's of Philadelphia first US store to install what ? Answer : Electric Lights
Question : 1858 Queen Victoria sent the first transatlantic telegram to who ? Answer : President James
Question : 1838 Los Angeles man needed a licence to do what to a woman ? Answer : Serenade her
Question : 1836 Mr Gray a gasfitter 10 years penal servitude stealing what ? Answer : One Rabbit
Question : 1804 J M Jacquard invented first programmable device - what ? Answer : Loom (programmed
Question : 18% of USA coins 7% of notes have what on them ? Answer : Dangerous Bacteria
Question : 18% of animal owners do what with their pets ? Answer : Share beds
Question : 18% of Americans mention who in their will ? Answer : Their pet
Question : 1777 George Macintosh created a red dye cudbear what is it ? Answer : Litmus - Ammonia
Question : 1727 Helen Morris put in asylum for putting what in a newspaper ? Answer : Lonely Hearts Advert
Question : 16th century where the most fashionable place to wear a ribbon ? Answer : Pomaded grown
Question : 16th century husband had to stop doing what to wives after 10pm ? Answer : Beating Them
Question : 1579 the Netherlands achieved independence from what country ? Answer : Spain
Question : 1500 paces was what Roman measurement ? Answer : League
Question : 15% of American males are what - so are bulls ? Answer : Colour Blind
Question : 14% of Americans could not identify which country on a map ? Answer : America
Question : 13th century Paris brothels were the first to have what ? Answer : Red Lights
Question : 1300 to 1500 it was illegal for Englishmen to have 3 what a day ? Answer : Meals
Question : 1200 in Roman numerals gives what sporting body ? Answer : MCC
Question : 12 is the atomic number of which metal ? Answer : Magnesium
Question : 10% of men claim to do this regularly - what ? Answer : Shave their pubic hair
Question : 10% (by weight) of the worlds land animals are what species ? Answer : Ants
Question : 1 in 20 women say they have never touched what ? Answer : Shovel
Question : 1 in 20 children born in US today will do what ? Answer : Serve time in prison
Question : "There and back Again" is an alternative title of which novel ? Answer : The Hobbit
Question : "The curfew tolls the knell of parting day." which poems start ? Answer : Elegy written in a
Question : "Its all Greek to me" comes from what Shakespeare play ? Answer : Julius Caesar
Question : "Broom" Bromden an Indian narrates which famous book ? Answer : One Flew over the
Question : What movie cast included James Garner, Richard Attenbourough, Steve McQueen, Charles Bronson, Donald Pleasance, James Coburn, Gordon Jackson, Angus McPhee among many others ? Answer : The Great Escape

Question : Who said 'Its so long since sex I forget who gets tied up' ? Answer : Joan Rivers
Question : Who said 'men are creatures with two legs and 8 hands' ? Answer : Jayne Mansfield
Question : Who said 'I like Beethoven especially the poems' ? Answer : Ringo Starr
Question : Who said 'Public service is my motto' ? Answer : Al Capone
Question : Whose last words were - 'Clito I owe a cock to Asclepius' ? Answer : Socrates
Question : Who first said 'Publish and be Damned' ? Answer : Wellington re Harriot
